Hey, this is the definitive Cloud Code
course for advanced users. I use Claude
Code and AI agents in my own business
every day to generate over $4 million a
year in profit. I also teach around
2,000 people how to use Claude Code and
other tools to improve their lives both
personally and business. Okay, so this
course is going to assume a foundation
of Claude Code experience. It's not for
total beginners, but if you are a total
beginner and you happen to stumble on
this course, that's okay. Just look over
my left shoulder here, click that
button, and then I have a 4-hour guide
that will walk you through everything
you need to get to the point where you
understand what I'm about to say.
Assuming you're still here, no fluff.
Here's what we're going to cover. We'll
start with an advanced look at cloud.mds
and system prompts and learn how to
optimize these to actually improve
quality, which is simpler than you
think. We'll then cover agent harnesses
and how to build larger projects with
Claude code. After that, we'll chat
agent teams and other examples of
extreme task parallelization. Then we'll
do skills, sub aents, and other forms of
organization. After that, I'll cover
Karpathy's auto research approach for
improving stuff progressively over time
and a few actual use cases you can apply
this to, not just fancy demos. We'll
then talk browser automation, uh the
major players. We'll do computer use,
browser use, and which tools to apply to
different use cases depending on what
you want. I'll then cover how to deal
with performance fluctuations in cloud
code because they do happen as well as
some alternatives that you guys could
use and ways to bundle in multi-agent
orchestration into your workflow. We'll
then cover workspace organization, so
for personal business, and then even
client projects, assuming you're selling
this sort of thing as a service.
security for larger projects. We'll chat
stuff like the recent auto mode. We'll
talk a little bit about OOTH. And at the
end, I'll finally round it out with a
discussion about where I think Cloud
Code is going and the future of work
more generally. Hopefully, you're as
excited as I am to level up your Claude
Co skills. Please use the bookmarks and
chapter headings as needed to jump
around the course. Subscribe to the
channel and let's get into it.
So, for most of the course, I'm going to
be building directly using the Claude
Code extension inside of Anti-Gravity.
That's this over here. If you don't have
anti-gravity installed, this is an
installation tutorial, but get that from
Google's official anti-gravity.google
website. Then head over to extensions,
click on Claude Code for VS Code, give
that an install, and then everywhere you
go, you'll have this little Claude logo
that you can use to spin things up.
After a brief login, you'll have more or
less the exact same layout that I do. I
want you to know though that the Claude
desktop app is also getting better and
better by the day. And because Cloud is
attempting to get you obviously on their
infrastructure as opposed to on your
own, um they're just continuously adding
new cool features that allow you to do
things like mobile development and so on
and so forth. So everything I'm going to
show you today works in both the Claude
code tab of the cloud desktop app. Also
works natively inside of a claude codes
extension with an anti-gravity or some
other you know IDE like thing. So if
you're intimidated at all by the way
that I've laid things out, what all
these different folders mean and how
they collaborate in order to improve
your workflow, I'm going to cover all
that in this course. First though, we're
going to cover claw.md and other
advanced system prompts. Basically, how
to set up your system prompts in a very
efficient and effective way. Both to
save you uh financially, but also to
improve the quality of your outputs and
significantly minimize the amount of
time it takes to build anything. So,
what is a cloud really? Well, as far as
I could tell, it's four things. The
first is it's a form of knowledge
compression. Okay? And when I say
knowledge compression, what I mean is
instead of Claude having to read through
your entire workspace, you know, file by
file, like for instance over here,
instead of having to open up every
single folder here, every single one
here, read through all of the files and
so on and so forth to be able to reason
and then make highle declarations about
your codebase or folder. What your
claw.mmd does, okay, is it basically
just compresses all of that down into a
highly succinct summary of what the heck
is going on in your freaking folder. So
that the next time you say, "Hey, what
was that file I made a couple of weeks
ago about X, Y, and Z. Claude doesn't
have to look through every single file
in your codebase. You don't have to
spend a tremendous amount on tokens, and
you also don't have to wait a long time.
It's just sort of baked into the
cloudmd, or at least a reference to
where the file lives is baked into the
cloud nmd. um so you can actually like
reason with it um at a superficial level
at a bird's eye level as opposed to
actually going down through the weeds.
So that's sort of like the very first
thing that I'd say, you know, a claw.md
is. The second thing that a claw.md is
is it's obviously your own preferences
as a user. And what you'll find is, you
know, more or less every time Anthropic
updates claude code, you have better and
better baked in native preferences and
conventions for things like, you know,
delivering you file paths or uh how to
deal with like documentation or
debugging or how to update itself and so
on and so forth. But obviously claude
code lags behind these preferences a
little bit um because they have to see
what users are actually using it for and
and you know like they collect that
information and figure out what ways to
make things more effective. So if you're
an advanced user as I am, you'll have a
list of these preferences and
conventions that improve your user
experience. And advanced users will
always have just some better preferences
that kind of adapt their own workflow as
well as you know programming
conventions, um ways to organize
information, structures and and that
sort of thing. Okay, so it's both a form
of knowledge compression, but it's also
preferences and conventions that are not
natively baked in that you get to u
decide on. The third thing that clawmd
is is it's a declaration of
capabilities. Now, I don't know how many
times this has happened, but if you do
not have a substantiated enough clawmd
and then you have let's say a skill
somewhere in your your workspace or you
have just some knowledge that's sort of
floating around in a few files and you
say, "Hey, claude do xyz thing for me.
So, you know, find some knowledge on XYZ
person or go do some research or uh you
know, compile a plan using XYZ
framework. Half the time, okay, if it's
not in your cloud and cloud will just
look at you metaphorically, obviously it
doesn't have eyes yet. Uh and it will
say like, oh, like I don't have a
built-in way to do this. Um sorry, what
were you referring to? Do you want me to
build something from scratch? I'll happy
to do it. And this this sort of slowdown
loop is completely unnecessary. And so
what cloudmd allows you to do is it
basically allows you just to itemize
okay uh you know everything that your
agent can currently do within your
workspace. And you can make that really
clear. You could say hey you currently
have access to this functionality. You
can do this. Hey uh you know you can
build a a fullstep plan that lasts 10 or
15 minutes and then executed on an
autonomously. In fact that's my that's
my preference or the convention that
we're using. You know you can call this
API you can call this database. You can
retrieve all this information. You can
act autonomously using browsers and so
on and so forth. The reason why that's
important is because as agentic as
Claude is, hopefully we're we're all
still on the same page here um about
this fact, Claude still lacks a lot of
agency. Okay? If you ask it to, you
know, help you do something or if you
ask it how long would it take to do
something, it'll often significantly
underestimate or overestimate because
it's not really factoring in its own
agenda capabilities. Like I asked it the
other day, um hey, you know, how long is
would this XYZ thing take to build? And
then it was like about 3 months or so
because you would have to build this,
you'd have to build that, you'd have to
build that. And it's obviously like,
"No, I don't have to build that. I'm
asking you to build it. You could build
it in 5 seconds. So, why don't you just
go ahead and do it?" Or, you know,
you're having it do some API stuff and
then it sends you a little command line
interface prompt and it's like, "Hey,
just pump this into the terminal." It it
sort of needs reminders that no, I don't
have to do this. That's why I'm asking
you to do it. So, you can actually do
all of this stuff, Claude. Declaring
capabilities in this way, whether it's
your own personal like tooling or
workflows or whatever, or it's um, you
know, uh, Claude understanding that it
has the ability to do things that it
might not realize at first glance is
pretty important. And then finally, the
fourth thing that a cloud NMD is is it's
a log of failures and successes. What I
mean by this is as you accumulate
various files, as you accumulate, you
know, bits of code through your project
and stuff like that, every single one of
these things is hard one. You didn't get
them for free. Realistically, you spent
tokens and then your time, which are
soon to be two of the world's most
valuable resources. And so because you
spent all this time and energy, it is
more efficient for you to take all of
the learnings basically from every
single piece of development or every
single action cloud does and then insert
it in its next system prompt than just
have it restart kind of from scratch
every time. You know, viewed another way
uh mathematically, if this is the total
space of all of the different possible
things that Claude could do when you
say, "Hey, do x."
What this log of failures and successes
is doing is it's basically carving out
big chunks of this theoretical solution
space and it's saying hey no you you
don't do anything over here because
we've already tried all this stuff over
here kind of looks like a planet meaning
the only things that you can actually
try and the only things that you should
try are kind of the things that exist in
between. Okay. So basically what this
log of failures and successes does is it
just allows you to immediately
cross out like 80% of all possible
things cloud could do because it knows
it's actually tried that in the past and
then in that way focus its time, effort,
your tokens, your money and then your
your energy on the 20% that actually
matters. So these four will exist in
different sections in your cloudmd.
They'll also exist at different levels
both global and local. So, what I'm
going to do next is run you guys through
high ROI ways to combine these four sort
of principles behind system prompts and
then apply them u both in global local
and then also give you guys sort of like
a little workflow loop that you can use
in order to understand how to update
this effectively. And this isn't just
going to be some big long system prompt
that I'm giving you guys like I think
we've probably all seen floating around
various sources in the internet. The
reality is like cloud entities are
highly personal uh devices. Um, but
these are going to be a list of short
principles that will almost certainly
help you design better projects and then
get more done whether economically or or
otherwise. So, the way that all this is
organized within cloud code is using two
different scopes, global and local. And
if you didn't already know, basically
there are a variety of different places
that cloud code upon initialization will
look to to get the prompts that is
injected at the very top of its um
context window. Okay, the two big ones
for us are the user over here, which is
equivalent to your global, and then also
the project over here, which is
equivalent to your local. And so,
basically what this means is if you have
a file called claude.md all caps, that
exists within this folder on your
computer somewhere, it'll load that up
on every cloud code session, whether or
not you're working in the same workspace
or another one. Now, if you have a cloud
MD, capital cla.lcasemd lowercase MD
located within a dotcloud folder within
your specific repository directory then
it'll also be loaded and in this way you
know you sort of have like a global
precedent that's always injected at the
top of every single thing okay no matter
what and then you also have sort of a
smaller little um you know local cloud
denomin that's also injected and
collectively when I say you know system
prompts from here on out really what I'm
referring to is I'm referring to both of
these I'm not just referring to one of
these and because global is injected on
every single run they're sort of like
different strategies in order to divide
the four things that we just talked
about. Um, basically on your global
claude.mmd it makes more sense to put
highlevel reasoning and then your own
personal beliefs and then in local
cloudmd makes more sense to insert local
low-level knowledge. So stuff like I
just talked about with the um workspace
itself. So you know if I were just
enumerating all of these things up here
okay you'd put your preferences like
your global preferences. These could be
things like, hey, you know, when you
return a file, I want you to return the
absolute file path to click on it
because whatever editor I'm using
doesn't really have take that into
account. You know, it could be things
like uh programming conventions. Hey, I
want you to program using, I don't know,
object-oriented programming or hey, I
want you to do like functional
programming in in Rust. Hey, when I ask
you to develop a new project, I always
want it done in Rust as opposed to, you
know, Python or or something like that.
Alternatively, it could be stuff like,
uh, hey, you know, if I ask you to do
something using a tool you're unfamiliar
with, always go and read the API
documentation first before attempting to
start because every other time that
you've attempted to do something without
the API documentation, you typically run
out of loops, you waste XYZ tokens. So,
make sure to load the API docs. By the
way, if you can't load the API docs
through uh, you know, HTML, then make
sure to like load up a Chrome DevTools
MCP server to go and get that stuff,
even if it's dynamically loaded through
JavaScript. Okay, so these are highle
reasoning strategies. These are your own
preferences. These are your own
conventions. And then also um these are
going to be just sort of like agency
capabilities. So stuff like hey Claude,
you can actually do X Y and Z. If you
believe that you can't for whatever
reason, you're wrong, you can
absolutely, you know, go and do whatever
you want. The local low-level knowledge.
Okay, this is going to be stuff like
backslashit, which I'll show you guys in
a second. So this is going to be like a
compressed version of all of the
knowledge on your workspace. Instead of
claude having to in the future go
through every single file, it'll just be
able to read the cloud and sort of have
a loose understanding like okay, what's
where why have we built this? What's the
purpose of this workspace and so on and
so forth. Some additional things you can
do are things like context about you and
your goals and your own reasoning
strategies, your own communication
styles. So I'm going to give you guys
examples of my own cloudm in a moment
where you guys see that I actually give
it a lot of context about who I am and
why I want what I want. Um, I'll run it
through, you know, reasoning strategies
that I personally use that have, you
know, yielded me a lot of success in the
past that may actually not necessarily
be the optimal reasoning strategies, but
which I tend to understand. And because
I'm communicating with this thing at
every freaking every 5 seconds nowadays,
I'm I'm better capable of understanding
what it's putting across if we use those
principles. Um, and then yeah, those
high level preferences and then
generally good token conservation
strategies. Whereas with the local, you
know, it's a description of the project,
where everything is, low-level
preferences like specific API docs and
usage. If you are using you know the go
high level API to do some project or
whatever you can actually just like have
the whole go high level API existing
within your project that'll minimize the
number of tool calls that um cloud has
to make to you know some sort of
research sub aent go and do the thing
for you instead it can remain local
reduce total token usage and then also
just be faster and then more accurate
and then capabilities within the project
and then that takes me to the local
workflow so and then that takes me to
workflow so there's two sort of
workflows here that I want to talk about
there's the local workflow and then
there's the global workflow and the
local workflow is going to be
responsible for updating our local
cloud.mmd and then the global workflow
is going to be responsible for updating
our global cloudmd. Like it would be
nice if I could just give you on a
silver platter a bunch of stuff to put
in your cloudmd, right? I think that's
what a lot of people want. But you're
going to end up a much better both
developer and then a much more
productive person if you understand the
principles at play here and develop your
own. So initially to start um anytime
you're developing anything in in cloud
code or whatnot obviously you need to
plan your feature and I say feature here
loosely. You know, I use cloud code as
basically like my business assistant
nowadays. And so I use it to do anything
from reading my emails to grab me new
news summaries in the morning to to
communicate with XYZ people to design
me, you know, websites and so on and so
forth. So feature here is really loose.
I'm not just talking like about a vibe
coded project. I'm talking about
anything. But what you do is you start
by planning a future, right? And then if
you think about it logically, what
claude does next is it instantiates the
future. However, over the course of
planning and instantiating, okay, it
will fail a bunch. it'll also succeed a
bunch of other times and ultimately
there'll be a giant list of learnings
between you know step one to step two
and so what you do after you instantiate
is you actually compile all those
learnings okay into some efficient um
high information density thing that
doesn't seem a lot of tokens then you
use that to update the cloudMD and so
this is your local workflow for managing
your system prompt and you basically
just do this every time you plan
something it'll do a bunch of failures
in the way then you'll instantiate it
you'll take all those learnings update
your cloud NMD. That way the next time
you plan a feature, it'll already have
all the benefits of the failures plus,
you know, any additional things that
learned along the way. And so the first
time around this loop, you know, it
might take uh I don't know, let's say X
time to develop a feature. The second
time around this loop, you know, maybe
it'll take like 0.9x because now, you
know, you've shaved off 10% of the the
the search space and it's a lot faster.
The third time you go, maybe it takes
0.8x. Okay? Okay. And so like the time
will just get faster and faster and
faster every time until eventually you
develop things um using claude in a
similar way that you would develop if
you were not using cloud. Now here's
where it differentiates between the
global workflow. What happens is you
know as you accumulate a variety of
failures, successes and learnings and so
on and so forth. Your current local
cloud gets really really good after all
that's done. What you do is you know
after hundreds of these runs, okay, you
can either pull a slash insights feature
or you can run that yourself to show you
guys how to do. What this will do is
this will compile not like at a local
level, but at a global level all of the
things that Claude attempts uh pretty
consistently and then struggles with
pretty consistently. You know, it's
like, oh, hey, I noticed that not only
on that one project, but also on more or
less every project, Claude consistently
goes down silly rabbit holes it doesn't
need to um and then tries coming up with
its own stuff instead of just consulting
the docs. And so, you know, after this
is done three or four times, obviously
there's a trend, right? So, what you can
do is you can take that information and
then you can pump that in your global.
Um, after that, what I'd recommend is is
I'd recommend you manually review
because Claude is an agent at the end of
the day. And the more AI steps you have,
the more you compound probabilities and
the less likely that it becomes that
Claude itself is making like the right
call. You know, if like Claude is
independently 90% successful on a task
and then you give it to another claude
which is 90% successful to a task and
then you give it to another claude, you
know, what you're really doing
mathematically is you're going um 0.9
raised to the 3. And if you just do a
little bit of math there, that's not
90%, right? 0.9 to the 3 is 73%. And so
I guess what I'm trying to say is um the
more steps you have without a human in
the loop here uh the lower the
likelihood that your total determination
will be correct. And because this is
your claude MD, it is your global
preference and convention file, it will
be applied to every future project.
Meaning if there is a place you should
spend human time on, it is this exact
step here. So I'd recommend manually
reviewing that. Once you manually review
that, then you can add some high ROI
bullet points to your cloud NMD and so
on and so forth. you know, just like a
high information density version. And
then you can actually update the the
cloud in MD. And then you can repeat
this loop a few times if you'd like
before finally going back to the local
loop. And so I mean, it's kind of like I
don't know what you want to call like an
infinity sign. Okay? Kind of starting
here, you're going kind of like this.
And then you're kind of looping back and
then you're just doing this over and
over and over and over and over again.
Obviously, you're going to spend a lot
more time in this loop, but eventually
you're going to go down to this loop.
And this is how I personally develop
using Cloud NMD. This is why my
workspaces are super tight. And then
instead of me, you know, using a vanilla
version, asking it, hey, go do X, Y, and
Z. And then it like stumbles around,
uses 20,000 of my tokens and God knows
how many of my dollars, when I say, hey,
I'd like you to do X, Y, and Z. I'd like
you to go scrape some laser over. It
already has all that stuff baked in
while still being flexible enough that I
could change them anytime that I want.
Okay, so next I'm going to show you guys
basically my workflow every time I start
with a new project, uh, assuming that
I've already done a little bit of work
in the project. I don't have a cloudmd,
and I don't really have any of that like
advanced tooling or system prompt
harness and stuff, uh, set up. This is
exactly what I would do step by step.
So, first of all, you need to open up a
folder. Um, I was just learning about
toatillos earlier. That is sort of
embarrassing. But anyway, in
anti-gravity, just go open recent. And
then I'm just going to open up
something. Why don't I do, you know,
anti-gravity example right over here.
And, you know, when I'm in this folder
right over here, obviously, there are a
bunch of different files and, you know,
configurations. This one was using
Gemini for a while. So, what I'd like to
do next, I'd like to open up a Claude
code. And so, I'll click on that button
over here. Let's close out the agent
window because I'm team Claude, at least
for the moment. Thank you, Space
Invader. And really like the first thing
that you do is you know you you develop
on your own. I always recommend just
like don't try baking in any opinions
into a cloudmd until you've at least
developed with without a cloud or some
sort of advanced system prompt for a
little bit. And the reason why is
because like you'll find cloud's
actually really good out of the box. As
mentioned they are incorporating more
and more of these features natively
within it. And so like it's it's great.
It's not like the harness that makes the
intelligence. It's obviously the
intelligence inside of it that sort of
you know communicates with your system
prompt to get good. But right now it's
already fantastic. Anyway, after you've
done some developing for a while, and
this is obviously some sort of website
here. It's like a template using VIT.
Just go slashinit just like that. And
basically slashinit will go through read
every single file in your workspace,
which I'm currently doing with fast mode
if you're wondering why this is probably
faster than than what you're doing. And
then at the end of it, it'll come up
with basically like a highly optimized
claw.md file that succinctly and
effectively summarizes the placement of
everything here. And you can see it just
generated one called claw.md. So comes
with the built dev lint commands. Note
that no test framework exists. Some
architecture review key dependencies and
their roles. Then some style conventions
as well. So now I'm going to open up
this cloud NMD. Okay. And why don't we
just move this over to the main window
so it's a little bit easier to see. And
you can see that more or less it it just
at a very high level summary takes every
single line in my entire workspace. Then
it just significantly increases the
information density at a cost of like
total comprehensiveness. So what I have
now is is I have a summary of
everything. So, what that means is the
next time that I ask Claude anything
about my workspace, okay, the next uh
the next go around, um I don't actually
have to like have it like run through
every single thing in the file. Like for
instance, what I'm going to do here is
I'm just going to call this like um I
don't know XYZMD
or actually, you know, why don't I just
delete this for now. You know, if I had
asked this clawed version something
about dark mode, hey, what are my
opinions on dark mode? It's going to
check its memory for notes on the
preferences. Not going to find anything.
And notice how it's just going to say
there's there's there's nothing at all.
So, what I could say is read through
whole project and find my preferences.
And now what it'll do is it'll, you
know, essentially launch some sort of
agentic search with readmes and so on
and so forth until it finds something
about dark mode. In this case, it was in
the gemini.mmd. Um, but I want you guys
to know that, you know, whether or not
you have it in a gemini.mmd or it's just
sort of written, it'll eventually figure
it out. Now the issue is you know how
what what sort of usage did we just uh
do in order to get that? If I just
scroll all the way up here typed
/context you know the system prompt
was6% free space was messages are 0.9%.
So that last message chain there with
the tool calls and everything like that
might have realistically taken like five
or 6 thousand tokens. I don't need to do
that sort of thing ever again. You know
if I bring that back and go claw.mmd and
then if I just open up a new instance
and I say hey you know what are my
opinions on dark mode? Obviously, it's
going to read the claw denimd and you
know, instead of me having to use god
knows how many tokens, if I go back to
slashcontext and you see that now you
only use 02%. So, basically saved myself
what's that like 6,000. And let me tell
you, these cloud tokens ain't free, man.
Andropics increased on the price uh
pretty aggressively, especially recently
when they realized 99% of the world is
now operating using their infra. So, I
guess what I'm trying to say is I'm
spending like literal like money, but
I'm also spending time. And to me, the
bigger thing is time. What are some
other things asked? I mean, like think
about deployment. If you have any sort
of like front end or full stack
experience, you'll know like you know
usually the flow is you start with a dev
server. You use that dev server via npm
rundev or equivalent to like figure
things out on your uh you know develop
various features and so on and so forth.
Then you'll build you'll do some sort of
linting and then once you're done you'll
actually like preview it. you'll you'll
push to production or or sorry you'll
push to staging and then verify that and
then eventually you push to production
right like obviously this is something
that it could have learned just by going
through the folder structure seeing
source public node modules all these
things but you know I'm just listing
them out over here so that instead of
you having to actually read any of that
filing or tooling you know you can do it
in god knows how many what's like five
tokens six tokens or something
immediately likewise you know I see
where things are laid out so in this
case this is obviously a single page
application the entire app lives in a
single component nav hero services
projects and footer sections. All markup
and logic is here. Um, it is evident if
you were to actually click on app.jsx
and then scroll through that that is the
case. But look at how many more tokens
app.jsx is versus, you know, just that
brief little description in uh clamd. If
I were to copy and paste the entirety of
this into something like a word counter,
you can see it's 827 words approximately
1100 tokens. Okay. If I go back to my
claud, like how long is how long is
this? It's 22. So that's a what 45x
compression ratio. That sort of
compression is how you ultimately get a
significantly better and more effective
clot because you are not shoving a
tremendous amount of tokens at the
beginning of any query. Um, and you
know, as we hopefully know, uh, token
length tends to scale inversely with the
quality of the output. The more tokens
in a context window, not only the more
money are you spending, but typically
the lower quality the results are. So,
just avoid all that by initializing and
then storing a bunch of information
about, you know, what the project is on.
Uh, you'll be you'll be much happier for
that. But, you know, slash in it isn't
the only thing that I would do. From
here, I'd actually start importing a
couple of my preferences and then things
that it's tried. So, I don't know, let's
just say I'm going to remove the
gemini.md for simplicity. Let's just say
I'm developing a new feature and um
actually, why don't we just visualize
app IDK what it looks like. Let me
actually take a look at this thing. So,
it'll run the dev server so I can see it
in the browser. And immediately I'm
thinking like, hey, you know, this is
actually kind of inefficient. When I say
visualize app, I basically just want you
to launch it. So, store in your cloud.MD
that when I ask you to run the dev
server or open the app, I just want you
to open it in my Chrome instance as
well. I don't just want you to run the
dev server. You know, basically next
time I say this, I don't want it just to
like say, "Hey, the dev server is here.
Give it a click." And then I'm like,
"Okay, can you just open it cuz I'm
already here." Um, I just wanted to open
it automatically, right? Okay, cool. And
I see, you know, it's kind of over here.
Um, so that's nice. Definitely not a fan
of the design. I don't like how it
scrolls through. I'll just say, "Hey, I
want you to significantly improve the
perceived visual quality of the
application. Go and look up, uh, you
know, the Apple website and then compare
that to our website. Make some changes.
That just improves both the perceived
visual cohesiveness, quality, etc. Must
have been a Gemini website. Anyway,
let's uh see what it does here. It's
fetching Apple's site for design
reference, reading the current app code
in parallel. And now it's just doing a
bunch of updates, editing the CSS,
nav-link, hero- background, and so on
and so forth. And you can see that it is
actually updating the site. I mean, it's
doing it currently in real time, but uh
it's looking significantly better. It's
also picked up some new colors and so on
and so forth. Now, what's cool is it
actually just opened up a second, uh
project for me right over here. Um
because earlier on I'd stored my
preferences that I don't want it to just
give me the link. I actually want it to,
you know, open open stuff up. So, that's
nice. So obviously we have better
designing and stuff like that. But the
key part here is when I say, "Okay,
great. Nice job. How could you have
arrived at these conclusions and done
everything I just asked you to do
faster?" Okay. And now look, we're
already at the point where we're capable
of optimizing a fair amount of these
design issues. Instead of 20 edit calls,
which is what it did before, what it
could have done is just do one write
call. So the reason why that took like
30 seconds or so because it was editing
the CSS file line by line across 20
sequential tool calls. I should have
read the file, rewritten the whole thing
in my head, done a single write to
replace index.css in one shot. Yes, I'd
like you to save this in the local
cloud.MD do it as a user preferences
section. So asking it questions like how
could you've arrived at those
conclusions and done everything I just
asked you to do faster and for fewer
tokens is pretty powerful. Um doing this
consistently as you develop and design a
project and then having a running log of
changes to the cloud NMD is also quite
valuable. Another thing you can do is
you could set a meta prompt in the cloud
NMD and that's personally what I always
do that basically says like when you
have made a mistake I want you to update
the cloud NMD with a running log of
things not to do next time. When you've
made a mistake, I want you to update the
cloud.MD with a running log of things
not to try next time. Essentially, I
want this to be almost like a mini
experimenters or research person's notes
that shows what a future Claude instance
should not do uh while working on this
project. Update the claude.mmd to
reflect what I just said at the very
bottom. Okay, now it has a section
called lab notes, what not to do. This
is going to show a bunch of failures as
well as learnings and successes and so
on and so forth. And we're already
honestly like halfway down the loop.
Now, this is a very contrived example
because I'm literally just building a
website. But imagine that, you know,
instead of just a website, you're
building a workspace that is meant to
contain all of your business uh
basically entirely. All of your SOPs,
it's meant to contain all of the work
that you do on a daily basis. It's meant
to contain your to-dos and so on and so
forth. Having information like what I
just showed you for this project would
be invaluable across more or less all
levels of both development and then also
productivity. And that's personally what
you should ultimately be working
towards. So anyway, we can make this as
complicated as we want obviously, but
hopefully you guys see that loop at
work. We plan a feature. So we just did
this. It was simple enough that we
didn't need to use a dedicated plan
mode, but obviously I still oneshotted
it. After it implemented the feature
along the way, it did a few things that
realistically it could have done better.
So what do we do after? We take those
learnings, we compile them, and then we
update the cloudmd. And this was sort of
a meta example since I literally was
doing it while I was building the
cloudmd, but hopefully you guys at least
understand conceptually sort of what you
do after four or five of these runs.
There's probably a fair amount of stuff
here that you can take advantage of and
that's where an insight run would make
sense. So, let me actually zoom in and
then just delete this so you guys could
see. In case you didn't know, insights
is a simple slash command that basically
runs a bunch of sub aents across all of
your cloud conversation history. The
benefit to that is now not only are we
running you know and changing our local
cloudmd we're also evaluating all of
like the patterns in communication that
we've had with cloudmd over the course
of the last I don't know could have been
like a few days could have been months
could have been I mean years depending
on how soon or late rather you are
watching this video. So um just like we
optimized our local cloud MD now we can
start optimizing our global and while
it's chewing away because insights does
take a fair amount of time. Okay, I'm
just going to create a new file here and
I'm going to call it globalcloud.mmd.
And I'm just going to give you what I
would consider to be at least as of the
time of this recording probably like
some of the higher ROI principles to
make sure to include. Um I include this
in my own global cloud and MD because I
think it's just very very valuable. So
I'll say global cloud and MD. This is
inserted at the beginning of any
conversation with Claude across all of
the users workspaces. So first I have a
profile section. So this is a bit about
Nick. So, you know, I don't know. It'd
be like Nick is a 30-year-old
and J
high performing
internet entrepreneur.
He runs a YouTube channel at 350 better
350 by the time I make publish this
video. 350,000 subs, an Instagram
channel, and so on and so on and so
forth. Okay. Okay. And so I have a bunch
more information which I've taken from
just a couple of other systems I've
built. Um this one here is Nick is a
30-year-old NJ. Here's his revenue. So
here are all the different things that
contribute to my revenue. Here's some
churn math. Um some of the companies
that I'm currently owning. Uh some
teams, right? So it's me. It's an
editor. It's a LinkedIn newsletter
person. It's a bunch of AI agents. Bunch
of information on YouTube as well as my
goals. And then ultimately some on
Instagram as well. Now you're thinking
like Nick, this is crazy. Why would you
insert all this information in your
global cloud NMD? Well, the reason why
is because I want this on every
conversation that I have with it to
understand who I am and to take that
into consideration when discussing
things with me. I can't tell you how
many times I'm having a conversation
with Claude and because I don't have
context like this cuz I'm in a naive
thing with no personal system prompt
check in the context window. I say
something along the lines of, "Hey,
what's the best solution for X, Y, and
Z?" And then it says, "Oh, you're going
to want to do this solution." And then I
say, "Why?" And then it'll say, "Oh,
because it's the cheapest, right? It
only cost 0.2 whereas the all the other
solutions cost $5." And I'm thinking,
well, if you knew a little bit about who
I am, you'll know that money is not the
primary bottleneck right now. I prefer
you to exchange my my money for my time.
Um, so just giving it some like highle
principles like that is very important.
Anyway, while it was doing that, um, the
actual sharable insights report, um, is
ready. So I'm just going to tell it to
open it so I can take a look at it with
you guys. And now you'll see there's an
HTML page basically that runs through
everything about Claude, all of the
insights across all of the sessions.
Looks like 1,849 messages across 200
sessions. I don't know where this
chooses the cutoff. It looks like it's
like about a month or so. Um although
keep in mind that like this is cloud
code specific and I don't know if this
encapsulates all the conversations I've
had with it on the desktop app, but
pretty good. And you can see here that
you know there's a bunch of context
about what I work on and and so on and
so on and so forth and how I use it and
all this stuff.
So the the important thing to do is
existing features to try section. You
can just copy this into cloud code and
add in your cloud NMD. So for instance,
when using Chrome Dev Tools MCP or
browser automation, always kill stale
Chrome processes in a clear profile
before starting. If the MCP tools fail
twice, stop and ask the user before
continuing to retry. Never waste tokens
on repeated failing browser calls. This
is actually quite valuable just given
how many times I have tried to have it
run, you know, Chrome DevTools MCP and
it's failed. Um, same thing over here.
Same thing over here, you know, with
some face swap information and stuff
like that. You can copy all this in
cloud and it'll set it all up for you,
which is pretty valuable. as well as it
can even go and build like new skills
based off of things that you
consistently ask. So that's that's more
or less what I'm doing here. Um anyway,
the the value with this is basically to
like copy the entire thing, go back
here, paste it in and say this is my
claw insights file. It describes at a
high level a few of the obvious design
patterns in my thinking and then a
couple of the issues that I've had
communicating with you and other
versions of you. I'd like you to distill
this into a list of high information
density snippets that I can paste into a
global cloudmd to be both tokens
conservative but also avoid most of the
mistakes that you typically make. Then
I'll just press enter. It's going to
give me some information about that.
Then over here we actually have the
changes and this is very high
information density, right? It basically
took a bunch and said don't overexlain,
overengineer or add un requested
improvements. When making widespread
changes to a file, use one write instead
of many sequential edit calls. Speed
matters. Don't fetch well-known
websites. again a rerun browser
automation and you know so on and so
forth just some just some highle stuff
it looks like it just inserted that in
here which is quite nice so now what do
we have we have if you remember some
context on me in the global clouded MD
we also have some highle reasoning rules
and principles and really what we're
just missing is some um token
conservation strategies and you can see
this by uh you know you can go back uh
rewind the video if you'd like some more
on that but basically you want context
about you your goals and your reasoning
strategies some high level preference
references about, you know, what it is
that it is currently doing that is wrong
that you would like it to fix and then
some good token conservation strategies
like knock docs first. So, I'm going to
do is underneath interaction rules, I'll
also just say, oh, and what's really
interesting that I'm seeing one of my
rules are actually directly
contradicting some of the other rules.
Don't fetch well-known sites. Actually,
just remove that. Um, that's the human
in the loop part, right? Just look to
see if any two rules directly contradict
each other. Then I'll say when a user
asks you to use a non-trivial platform,
one for which you do not have context in
always look up the documentation first.
You can do so by looking into API
documentation plus platform name. After
if for whatever reason you can't access
the docs for JavaScript reasons, launch
a Chrome DevTools MCP Chrome instance so
that you could still copy and paste all
that data. No matter what, if you're
working on a project for whom API
documentation is available, you should
always go through the API documentation
to avoid 99% of the errors. The tokens
we spend reading the docs will save us a
lot of tokens and trying to use things
that don't work. Cool. So, I'm going to
copy that. And now I have my global
cloud NMD. And you know, I could
obviously just have Claude actually
insert that into the global cloud MD.
Um, I could also just like go and find
the find the finder. So, I'm going to go
to finder on Mac. Basically, you can
find your global cloud NMD just by going
to your Mac. In my case, users on my
next surf. And then um there's a hidden
folder here which you can't actually
see. Just right out of the gate, you
should be able to go uh shift command. I
think it's comma or period. There you
go. Shift command period. Once you're
done with that, you can scroll all the
way down where it says cloud. And then
over here, you'll see there is a cloudmd
that lives within that cloud. So what I
can do now is I can just reveal this
folder in my finder, compare it to that
folder in my finder, and I can actually
just go drag and drop this in. I have
global cloud and I can just remove this
claude and replace that with this cloud.
Awesome. So now all future conversations
that I have with claude across all of my
uh workspaces and all of my folders will
include the information that I just
provided. And hopefully you guys see how
simple it is to run that loop. Um
granted this is an informal loop. I'm
not really showing you guys like a
simple formal streamlined process. But
hopefully you see how easy it would be
to build that in again as like a meta
claude.
Let's talk a little bit about agent
harnesses. So agent harnesses, the term
anyway has gotten a ton of interest over
the last couple of months because it's
sort of new and exciting, but very few
people actually understand what it
refers to and what it means. An agent
harness, to be clear, is just claude
code. Claude code is the harness around
the model claude that enables it to do
things like call various tools and get
actual economically valuable work done.
For those of you that don't know, um,
all that like AI models are are just
text interfaces, right? It's just text
in, text out. A harness is what turns
something that can only communicate in
text into something that is ultimately
capable of like controlling our
computer. So the way that I personally
think about the question, what is a
harness? Is a harness is just everything
that wraps around the LLM that is not
the actual LLM itself. So in our case,
it's claude code. It's the system
prompt. It's the hooks. It's the tools
that it has access to and it's the
parameters therein that control things
like when the memory autoco compacts,
how many messages you can send in a
turn, what the total number of token
limits are, and so on and so forth. For
the purposes of this demo, let's pretend
that this over here is our clawed space
invader. Okay? And so this is sort of
like the the the large language model
itself. This is actual Claude. And so
Claude is obviously like a galaxy brain
intelligence. It's been trained on god
knows how many books and blog posts and
encyclopedias and so on and so forth.
But you know Claude is sort of it sort
of exists in this boundary where it
can't actually do anything outside the
real world unless it's given the tools
and the ability to do so. And so um one
example of things that Claude has access
to are set tools. So that's things like
uh I don't know the ability to use bash
aka use a terminal. The ability to use I
don't know GP which is how it finds
things on your computer and so on and so
on and so forth. Another thing that it
has access to kind of gone back and
forth is some form of memory right what
it can do is it could read so it could
read things that are stored in this
memory and then it can also write so we
can add and sort of update things as
needed. You know, there's obviously also
a variety of other things here that it
has access to. And, you know, if it
didn't have access to all these things,
again, it would just be like an agent or
a model, sorry, that exists in the box.
And so, that's really the difference
between, you know, LLMs and agents.
Agents are LLMs plus a harness, whereas
LLM by themselves, large language
models, they can't really do anything.
They obviously um operate entirely in
the domain of knowledge. So, just given
the fact that it's called a harness, you
can kind of think of it as, you know,
I'm going to draw a really crappy dog
here. Put another way, here's a really
crappy rendition of what I initially
wanted to be Canadian dog sledding and
what ended up being uh looks more like
Santa with a big fat beard riding a
questionable reindeer. Uh, but
basically, you can imagine that like
this right over here, this is your LLM.
This is the actual model intelligence.
And then you over here, okay, this is
your harness. This is actually like the
the code part of clawed code that sort
of controls it. And so the LLM wants to
go in a bunch of different ways. It
wants to do a bunch of things. What the
harness does is it just sort of narrows
down its um direction. And you know, you
can kind of almost think of it like uh
the barrel of a gun or something like
that, right? Whereas, you know, back in
the day, you might have had like cannons
and then you might have loaded those
cannons with big uh massive cannon balls
and they're huge and what you do is
you'd stuff some additional gunpowder
underneath and stuff like that. And
those cannons would kind of, you know,
despite the fact that they were
operating off the same fundamental
technology, which is gunpowder, they
might not really be able to go so far. I
don't know, let's just say 50 m.
Nowadays, obviously, we have um this is
my really crappy gun drawing with, you
know, more or less the exact same
technology, you put some sort of bullet
in there, right? But then because of the
technology that surrounds the core
thing, which is the gunpowder, you know,
the bullet can go a lot farther. And so
maybe instead of 50 m, now it can go, I
don't know, 250 meters or so. So, this
is how I this is how I think about
harnesses, okay? And I don't mean to
just show you a bunch of silly grade
school analogies, but it is important to
realize that like that is what um now
cla code really is. And because Claude
code is a harness, obviously there are a
bunch of other people out there that
have tried making their own harnesses as
well, just like we have frameworks like
React and Vue and then Nex.js and and
and Nux. We also have a bunch of
different harnesses that have been
developed that supposedly work on and
then improve on on specific aspects.
What are some of those aspects? Things
like security, right? Automatic
permissions. So, plan mode versus
default mode versus the new enable auto
mode and then bypass permissions mode.
You know, there's some harnesses out
there, okay? There's some agent SDKs and
stuff like that. Not going to name any
names, but um there are some of them
that are probably a little bit less
secure than others such that if they
were to read a Twitter thread that look
like this, maybe they would actually
execute pseudo rm-rf and delete your
entire hard drive. Right? Bunch of
examples of people screwing around with
this. This is an example of codeex which
um you know being an extraordinarily
competent model I can't really talk down
too much on but this is an actual
conversation that uh you know it had
with somebody that I found on Twitter.
You know the model basically tried
running something that was like rm-rf
which to make a long story short in case
you didn't know just deletes everything.
And uh here it says well the shell
policy actually blocked the raw rmrf. So
what I'm doing is I'm removing those
generated directories aka the shell
policy with a python cleanup instead.
same effect, less policy friction,
right? It's just going to go end up
deleting the entire thing. You know, the
the harness impacts a model's ability to
get things done. It also impacts
ultimately the safety. It impacts like
the memory and so on and so on and so
forth. And so hopefully at least now you
guys understand what the harness is
before I show you guys some examples of
different versions of it. Obviously,
Claude code is the major harness today.
Um, but there's a great blog post over
here by Langchain that more or less
describes a way to create different
harnesses. uh the model gets a certain
type of context injected into it prompts
memory skills or conversation then you
also have orchestration things like
Ralph loops which was really big a while
back that was a different type of
harness um you know there's a certain
persistence of data actions and then the
ability to both observe and verify say
with screenshots and stuff like that um
one harness that a lot of people are
using now is this sort of droid idea
which was built by factory AI so droid
is like a publicly available harness
that you can run and download today pi
P.DEV is also exploding in terms of
popularity. So whereas claude code, you
know, obviously needs to run with claude
um infrastructure, right? Cloud is the
model underlying cla, this PI coding
agent is sort of like the open- source
provider of it, you can feed in more or
less anything that you want, including
claude, and then just have it operate
inside of this this harness. And you
know what this does is it just changes
the way that we store memories. It
changes the way that we store certain
files. It sort of like modifies it's
almost like an alien or bizarro version
of cloud code in so far that it changes
a few of like the fundamental constants
like how long before context compaction
you know how to try different types of
solutions and stuff like that various
bakedin behaviors regarding a cloud code
and and so on and so forth and the
reason I'm covering this is because you
know this is something that was very
fundamental to anthropic that back on
November the 26th 2025 they wrote a big
long blog post called effective
harnesses for longrunning agents which
at the time kind of changed the game and
I would say this is the beginning of the
kickoff of cloud code superiority over
most other harnesses. And so, uh, you
know, here it describes various
different ways to work on longrunning
coding projects and manage environments
and stuff like that. And so, obviously,
this is something that's like very
fundamentally baked into cloud code. If
you want to understand cloud code in an
advanced level, uh, you can't get better
than getting it at a harness level.
Okay. So, you know, obviously this is a
cloud code course. This is not another
harness course, but you should at least
know what agent harnesses are before you
proceed to the rest of the course
because you know the more understanding
of harnesses you have, I think the
better you'll be able to appreciate and
then digest and ultimately execute on
what I'm about to show you.
Next, I want to chat a little bit about
parallelization, about things like agent
teams, about sub agents, and a couple of
other ways of distributing work uh to
minimize the amount of time and effort
that goes into things while also
increasing the quality of the output.
Okay, so I say agent teams here, but
let's start with parallelization. A big
question that I think a lot of people
have is, well, first of all, what the
heck is parallelization, which is just
doing multiple things simultaneously
instead of waiting for uh sequential
things to finish. And then the second
one is like, Nick, why the hell should
we paralyze our agents to begin with?
And to that I say, have you ever, you
know, sent a longunning task request to
cloud code and actually had cloud
execute on something for more than a few
minutes? For the vast majority of the
time, you're just sitting there
twiddling your thumbs. Twiddling your
thumbs is not very economically
productive. So if I have ways to not
twiddle my thumbs, I will do so. And I
really I guess mean is that autonomous
agents just take a long time to finish
tasks. You know, when we started with
this stuff, or at least when I started
with this stuff last year, you know,
Claude could realistically work on
things for 30 seconds. The other day, I
had Claude work on something for over 15
minutes. And so, if all I'm doing is
just sitting there waiting for it to do
this 15-minute task, you can imagine
that my productivity is basically going
to be punctuated by me just sitting
around watching it. It does something, I
get the result, make some minor changes,
wait for another 15 minutes, and so on
and so forth. that's not very efficient.
So, parallelization allows us to reduce
the total amount of time by a factor of
at least a few from 15 minutes to maybe
a couple minutes. So, it'll be able to
work on smaller, more more
self-contained things. Um, but two,
it'll also just get higher quality.
Another thing is that many tasks feature
independent steps that can be broken
down. So, for instance, let's say I'm
doing some sort of task. Okay? And this
is just like how long it would normally
take if we go serally. And so the option
A is just to do what most people do,
which is where they'll do, I don't know,
they'll do step one, and then they'll do
step two, and then they'll do step
three, and then they'll do step four. So
that's one, two, three, four. This task
over here takes 5 minutes. This task
over here takes 5 minutes. And this task
over here takes 5 minutes. What's the
total amount of time kind of
collectively? Well, it's 20 minutes,
right? So that's sort of a um you know,
the serial way that most other people do
things. Well, guess what? Turns out a
lot of tasks don't need to necessarily
be like that
if I just copied all of this stuff over.
Okay. And then instead ran a couple of
these in parallel. So I actually had uh
I don't know three of these
simultaneously and then kind of combined
all of them if I did something maybe
more akin to this instead. Hopefully you
guys could see um now okay instead of
everything taking you know 5 minutes 5
minutes 5 minutes and 5 minutes maybe
what I'm capable of doing realistically
is this takes 5 minutes. This takes five
minutes. And then the integration step
about these three which were two, three,
and four
only takes two minutes. So what I'm
doing is I'm basically converting a task
that previously took 20 minutes and I'm
turning it into one that took 12
minutes, which you know, if you just did
a little ratio 12 over 20 is equal to 3
over 5. And so what I'm capable of doing
is getting it down about 40% about 60%
of the total. Hopefully you guys see
when you have tasks that can actually be
broken down in this way, aka a task that
you can expand and run simultaneously
through some form of parallelization,
just makes more sense to do all three of
these things simultaneously rather than
one parent agent being responsible for
everything like doing one then doing two
then doing three and doing four. What we
can do is we could take two, three, and
four, stack them on top of each other,
add an additional step five called a
synthesizer, and then take the results
of these in and do it do it in like a
fraction. Um, another big reason is that
agents are what are called stochcastic,
aka they don't always return the same
answer. So if I ran, you know, Claude
five times on basically the exact same
thing, every single time I have a
slightly different response. Okay, every
time I have a slightly different
response. And just to show you guys what
I mean by that, I'm going to open up um
my Claude code over here. And I'm
actually going to open up three
different tabs. Let me just visualize
this. Stick this right in the middle.
Okay. And then over here, let me just
make sure that all these are operating
the same. I'm going to say, I'd like you
to determine five ways to improve this
codebase.
I'm just going to paste this across all
three of these. I'll paste and I'll
paste. Now, I'm just going to run all
three of them. And I just want you to
notice sort of what's going on here.
Obviously, the first thing it's going to
do is try reading the key files. But
check out the different uh solutions
basically that it's coming up with on
all three of these different runs. So on
the first run, okay, uh, brokage im
broken image paths, missing title and
metatags, nav links hidden inside mobile
with no replacement. Project cards
aren't actually links. No keyboard focus
styles or skipped to content link. The
second one was broken image paths,
missing metatags, no mobile nav, but now
look, placeholder links everywhere, typo
in footer. Okay, and you can see that,
you know, basically the more times we
run these uh, you know, agents and then
the further away they get from the
beginning, the more they tend to
diverge. And there's a statistical
reason for that, right? Like at the very
beginning, this is sort of like um I
don't know the total answer. At the very
beginning,
you know, red is pretty similar to
black, but eventually it diverges a fair
bit. Green's similar to red, and it
diverges a fair bit. Blue is similar to
all these, but it diverges a fair bit.
And I guess the point that I'm trying to
make is like, you know, over here, uh
let's pick another color. So, it's
pretty obvious that these are all bit
different. We'll do purple. over here.
These this is sort of like the zone of
similarity, right? But then after you
make it to a certain point, uh because
of the multiplicative nature of how
large language models work under the
hood, they're basically multiplying the
statistical probabilities of like one
token after the other after the other
after the other. Um you have massive
divergence in the end result. And so you
know this might go ABC, this might go B
C D, this might go AB, this might go
ABC, and this might go a CQ or something
like that. What you can do is you can
actually just run five times. And now
notice if I ran this once, I'd only get
ABC. But because I've ran this another
time, I got all the way to D. I ran this
another time, I got all the way to E.
You know, if you just count up all of
the different unique answers here, I
have A, I have B, I have C, I have D. I
also have E. I even have Q. And then I
have zed. So you can see here that like
I'm basically getting 2.5 times the
total number of possible answers by
running things multiple times and then
just averaging out and taking all the
unique outputs, right? That's really the
the principle of stoasticity because
they don't always return the same
answer. If you parallelize your agents,
you can actually run multiple times with
the same or similar queries and then you
can actually have different answers
given to you that just sort of live
outside of the distribution uh or
average run, which is pretty amazing.
So, I'm going to show you guys how that
works specifically with um debate and
stochastic consensus models. If
anybody's seen my agentic AI course on
that, you'll know more or less what I
mean by that. I'm also going to show you
some fan in fan out um researching flows
as well as some some sequential pipeline
handoffs. Uh but really the the fourth
and final reason is because model
performance degrades as context
increases. So the shorter and the
cleaner your context windows are
typically the better the results are as
well. Uh what I mean by this is you know
because the parallelization aspect
typically involves sub aents which I'm
going to show you guys a little bit
about. You get to avoid the problem
where the increasing length number of
tokens um leads to poor performance. And
so, you know, if like on average, this
is more or less the relationship between
the number of things in your context
window and then the performance of the
model, uh, we are going to we're going
to end up just almost always staying
right around here, which is the zone of
good. By the way, I just made that up.
It's not actually called the zone of
good. Hopefully, you guys understand the
distinctions there, though. Um, when you
parallelize and then feed tiny chunks of
a problem to multiple agents, they can
all be at the zone of good. You don't
actually have to like go all the way
down here. It's not just one agent
that's doing all the work. Okay. So, so
what are examples of how to parallelize
in the first place? Well, there's like a
built-in function called agent teams now
in cloud code, which does a fair amount
of this. So, I'm going to be showing you
guys some ways to do that, but I just
wanted to chat a little bit more
generally without even going into agent
teams first before I show you some demos
um of like different ways that I
personally approach problem solving. And
I've seen some of the best and the
brightest use cloud code for this sort
of parallelization. And I'm going to
call them common team patterns. Okay. Um
essentially, there are three main things
I want to cover. The first is the
ability to fan out and then fan in. And
so that's where you actually spawn a
bunch of different research sub aents.
And then you have a synthesizer sub aent
which takes all of their outputs. And
then um based off of the outputs of that
synthesizer, you can do either more fan
out fan in flows or you could do some
form of final synthesis step. Okay.
Okay. So what I mean by that is like
let's say before you have a query and
it's you know I want to find the best
okay absolute best APIs
for my feature whatever the feature is
it's X feature I don't know it's like
some app that generates things whatever
so I want to find the best APIs out
there for this feature that you know
allow me to very quickly and easily do
the things that I want to do. Well, you
can imagine like if you were to do this
um in the old school linear path, what
would happen is claude code would spin
up, okay, in the same thread research on
site number one and then go on site
number two and then go site number three
and then go on site number four, right?
And what would be occurring the entire
time that we're going through all these
different websites? Well, the length of
our total contacts would increase,
meaning our performance on average would
also decrease. Okay. In addition, it's
taking time. So, it's five minutes here,
it's five minutes there, it's five
minutes there, it's 5 minutes there, and
so on and so forth. Then, at the end,
what it would do is it'd have a final
synthesis step, which I'm just going to
call S, which would basically combine 1
2 3 and four together, which could take
a certain other amount of time, maybe
another 5 minutes before finally giving
you your answer. And so the cost of the
answer, okay, if you think about it as
like almost like a line item, the cost
of the answer is, you know, first of
all, 25 minutes, which is obviously
non-preferable to instant. And then, you
know, a fair amount of tokens
on poor
quality outputs.
you know, you're probably going to end
up spending a similar amount of tokens
regardless, but you're spending those
tokens on poor quality outputs because
you're kind of you're kind of down here
as opposed to up here, right? You're
you're here where you don't want to be.
Now, what fan out and fan in is is very
similar to what I showed you guys
earlier. You have a research query and
that's, you know, find best APIs.
And so, what it does is cloud code
basically goes in and then immediately
spawns. Okay, let's just say four
research agents. And so now we have
research agent one, research agent two,
research agent three, and then we have
research agent 4. Okay? And so what
we're doing is here is we're we're we're
fanning out.
These all operate totally independently,
accumulating their own context windows.
Because they're new agents, they're
almost always in the zone of good. Maybe
they'll push a little bit farther beyond
that, but they're still pretty good.
Once we're done with that, what we do is
we do the opposite, which is the fan in,
and we feed all of those into a final
synthesizer agent. That synthesizer
agent now has a different prompt. The
prompt is not, hey, go do this research.
The prompt is, hey, here's a bunch of
context from a bunch of other models
that have already done the research.
Meaning, the prompt gets to be shorter.
We then apply highle reasoning
strategies and principles to make that a
synthesizer as smart as possible and say
things like we want you to integrate um
anything that overlaps as well as any
outliers and then score them slightly
differently. And so, you know, rather
than being all the way over here with
our big thing, you know, probably we're
somewhere over here in the middle, which
means the performance is going to be a
little bit better. And then obviously
the synthesis step can occur in
approximately the same amount of time as
the actual research because you can
spawn almost an infinite number of sub
agents to go do research for you. And so
really what happened now is you have 5
minutes here, you have 5 minutes here,
you just add these up, it's 10 minutes.
And so not only are we significantly
faster, we're also a lot higher quality
because now we have all the the data and
information laid out to the synthesis
agent. More importantly, there are
different models that are better at
different things. And so within Claude,
you have not only your, you know, heavy
lifter, which is usually the opus
models, but you also have, you know,
your sonnet models. And then although
not a lot of other people use them these
days, you also have your haiku models.
And so what you can do now is for the
research which consumes a massive number
of tokens but realistically doesn't
usually need like a ton of reasoning for
it. It's more of like data extraction
you use something cheap like haiku and
sonnet. And then for the synthesis you
use something like opus because you're
applying different models at different
steps. Not only is it um going to going
to occur much faster cuz sonnet works
faster than opus. So maybe instead of 5
minutes here, it's actually I don't know
3 minutes. But then the cost is going to
be a small proportion of the money that
you normally would have spent just
because of the way that pricing on
claude works, right? Pay attention here
to the fact that claude opus, you know,
in this case 4.6 is five bucks. Sonnet
4.6 is three. So we immediately save 60%
right there. And that's just your base
input tokens. That's not taking into
account um you know, like the the the
the massive difference in also output
token cost and so on and so forth. And
obviously things get even better if you
go down ha coup and and so on and so
forth. And so you can formalize this as
a skill if you would like. Okay, I'm not
going to I'm just going to feed it in a
simple prompt, but um this will
illustrate what I mean. Let's say I'm
right over here in my project. Okay, let
me just delete this um global cloudmd
because we don't need that anymore. Then
I'm going to essentially let me just go
back here and then copy the actual text.
I say use a fan out fan in and
researchers synthesizer approach to
research the question
how best should I optimize this codebase
minimum five sub aents use sonnet to do
the research and contemplation
individual contemplation opus to
synthesize
so now what's going to occur is rather
than us just waiting non-stop for all of
these what this is going to do is it'll
fan out six sonnet research agents. Each
are going to investigate a slightly
different optimization axis. They're all
going to focus on slightly different
things. Then they're going to synthesize
all of those results back together with
Opus. If I zoom out, so you can actually
see all six of them running
simultaneously.
Despite the fact that we're not using
this agent team feature, we're just
using the um sub agent feature right
now. Uh you know, all of these things
basically immediately are generated.
Their contexts are quite short. So I
mean in the grand scheme of things, this
is a much shorter context than we would
ultimately accumulate in our main agent.
All of them are focused on slightly
different things which are obviously
autonomously managed by that
orchestrator. And then finally, these
six agents can finish in a linear amount
of time as opposed to you know like
multiple one. So this just finished the
architectural research. It's going to
wait for the remaining five agents now.
All right. And it looks like it just
finished all six research runs. So now
it's going to synthesize all the
findings with Opus. It's then going to
also be able to take advantage of things
like its planning features and so on and
so forth before synthesizing. And here
it is. Okay. High impact, easy fixes.
gives us a big list. It's also writing
the um high to medium impact, easy to
medium effort. And so, I mean, you know,
obviously um I'm not just pulling this
out of my my ass here. Um Anthropic has
done a lot of research on the best way
to solve problems. And um you know, Opus
with a bunch of sonnet sub aents
massively outperforms opus both on time,
but then also quality specifically
because of, you know, sonnet's longer
context window as well as just like
general usability. Um that's what I care
about. I just care about my own
usability here. I could spend as much
money as I want on these things at this
point. What I care about is like how can
I extract the maximum quality with the
minimum amount of time and that's the
design pattern that you want to use. So
I mean like use this anytime you're
contemplating problems and you don't
just have to contemplate like specific
API problems or development problems as
well. Like I use stuff like this anytime
I'm designing um business systems,
anytime I'm designing process
optimizations. I mean I did this the
other day when I was doing product
differentiation. Basically coming up
with different ways to price and package
products for a company that I now own
that does this sort of thing. The
opportunities here are basically
limitless. You do this for competitor
research. You can do this for whatever
the heck you want and I I commonly apply
it. Okay, so that's fan out and fan in
where you basically spawn and
researchers usually using a cheaper
dumber model like sonnet and then you
have a a larger synthesizer model that
actually combines the results. Um that's
how you get you know some of the best
quality and then also the best quantity.
Next, I want to chat debate and
stochastic consensus because it's kind
of similar similar but um you know it's
also a little bit different. I use
debate and stochastic consensus to
basically like hammer out nuanced
arguments and nuanced quality
discussions. You know earlier how I said
we had one agent come up with ABC,
another one come up with CDE, another
one come up with like ABQ and so on and
so forth. Well, basically with
stochastic consensus and then later
debate, what we're doing is we're having
different sub aents come up with
different um lists of solutions and then
we have something else go through
identify all of the mode
identify the mode which is the uh
frequency of you know the the number of
times that a solution pops up. So let's
say solution A pops up twice. Okay, this
synthesizer agent would say, "Okay,
there's two A's. Uh, B pops up twice, so
we'd go 2 B. C pops up twice. We go 2 C.
D pops up how many times?"
One, so we'd go D. Then counts E. That
also counts Q. And so in this way, you
could see statistically speaking, uh,
you know, a lot of agents think these
three are great solutions. One agent
thought this was a good solution.
Another agent thought this was a good
solution. And finally, another agent
thought this was a good solution.
basically the votes of confidence here
are fewer. And then what you can do is
you could use this. It's almost like um
like a weighted average to tell you what
approach to take. You know, if it's like
an equation where like my final uh I
don't know decision, which we'll just
say decision is kind of like this. It
would equal 2 a + 2 b + 2 c + d + e plus
q. And I know this is math, but don't
get scared here. The point is not to
actually calculate the final solution.
The reality that I'm attempting to
convey to you is that because so many
models came up with A, so many other
models came up with E and B and Q and so
on and so forth, you can quickly
determine consensus between a number of
agents that come up with ideas. And then
you can also determine which ideas are
genuine outliers in so far that you know
only one out of three models actually
came up with this thing. One out of 24
four models suggested you should do X,
Y, and Z thing. And so you get to farm
both like the statistically most likely
answers to solutions, but also like the
massive outliers which can make you
quite um I want to say competent at
solving problems in a very short period
of time. And this works in a really
similar way to what I talked about
earlier with like the total solution
space, right? You know, if uh there are
really a fixed number of ways to solve
something and the reality is there are a
fixed number of ways to solve something
and there also a certain number of ways
not to solve something. Well, what you
want to do is you just want to like
cover that ground as quickly as
possible. And in reality, what you could
do is you could quickly spin up an agent
to do all of to figure out all the ways
not to do something. Okay? And then you
could have, you know, one sub agent
slowly figuring out, "No, this doesn't
work. No, this doesn't work. No, this
doesn't work." All simultaneously. And
then what you end what you end up with
is you just end up with like this
beautiful field of like highly
differentiated green which tells you
what you can actually do. And I
understand this is more conceptual, but
just bear with me here. I'll show you
guys an actual example in a moment. Now,
stochastic consensus is cool as sort of
like a first go, but debate is even
cooler because now what you do is you
basically take all of these points,
okay? And then you feed them into an
open like conversation or chat room
where all other models can weigh in on
solutions that might not actually be
very obvious. So now, okay, if I just
recreate this solution, we have agent
one come up with ABC. Agent two come up
with BC, I don't know, let's just say E.
Agent three come up with ABQ. Okay, what
we do is we divide this into time steps.
And so this is time one, this is time
two, this is time three, and this is
time four. What we do at every time step
is we allow all other agents to look at
all of the uh conversations and and all
the thoughts that all the other agents
have had. Okay? And what occurs as we
move through is agent one gets to see
agent two and agent 3's responses. And
so it gets to differentiate. Maybe now
it goes a b c e zed because it comes up
with some additional solution by
comparing its two, you know, two and
three. Maybe this one comes up with bc,
but then it eliminates E because it just
doesn't think that made much sense and
then it comes up with an F. You know,
this one comes up with with uh I don't
know, two different letters and then
ends up uh you know also identifying
some of the previous solutions, but then
combining them in new ways and stuff
like that to come up with better ones.
And so what we do with a debate is it's
not really a debate in a practical
sense. It's not like, hey, your job is
to try and convince other people why A,
B, and C are the best solutions. What it
is is every model has access to all of
the other models. And so, because they
have access to all of the other models,
and they don't have to spend all that
time reasoning, they can just see the
results. They can then incorporate those
and come up with increasingly nuanced uh
solutions and, you know, ultimately span
a large search space in a very short
period of time. And so, we can just
proceed with this all the way down. You
can run as many of these like steps as
you as you want until ultimately you
have like a a list of solutions provided
by a bunch of different models that are
just way more complex, way more nuanced,
and also just like way more interesting
than the initial ones that you know one
agent might have come up with. All
right, so I'm back on my business
workspace here and uh we're still doing
research on toatillos, but I thought
this is actually a pretty good example.
Why don't we use stochastic multi-agent
consensus to come up with all of the
different ways you can make a sauce
using a toatio. Use stochastic
multi-agent consensus to determine all
of the different ways that you could
make a nice tasting sauce using
tomatillos. I want every agent to come
up with at least 10 independent
responses then have them synthesized and
turned into just a giant list of all of
the possible things you could do. So
what this skill stocastic multi-agent
consensus does if I open it up is
basically it breaks down a query into n
other queries. That's where it says
spawn n agents with the same or a
slightly different prompt to
independently analyze a problem. Then
aggregate results by consensus which you
use for decision-m ranking options
strategic analysis or any problem where
you want to filter hallucinations and
then surface what are called high
variance ideas. So anytime I use the
word consensus poll agents stochastic
consensus spawn n agents so on and so on
and so forth it'll go and it'll it'll do
the thing. So, just scrolling down here,
you can see that it read through the
skill and it spawned 10 agents all
looking at slightly different angles
here. And you know, these are very
similar prompts. Brainstorm all the
different ways you can make a nice
tasting sauce using tomatillos. This
one's here. Brainstorm all the different
ways you can make a nice tasting sauce
using tomatillos. This one here,
brainstorm all the different ways you
can make a nice tasting sauce using
tomatillos. But the idea is, you know,
one is a conservative tradition-minded
chef. The other is an adventurous
boundary pushing chef. The other
challenge is conventional wisdom. The
other reasons from first principles and
so on and so on and so forth. Now
because you know this is a pretty simple
and not very intellectually difficult
exercise. All 10 agents have actually
already already finished and you can see
that I was able to scan a massive search
space in a very short period of time
despite the fact that this problem is
pretty simple. So what it's doing is
similar to what I showed you earlier
with those n researchers and then um
having some sort of synthesizer model.
What this is now going to do is indeed
duplicate the outputs and then give me a
list of pretty nuanced answers that
realistically scanned most of the search
space in a very short period of time.
I'm sure you can imagine you could scale
this up if you had like some sort of
dedicated infrastructure whether it's a
local mod or something like that. You
could theoretically have stuff like this
running all the time just ideulating and
coming up with new approaches to solve
um long-standing problems. And this is
actually the exact way that I don't know
if you guys have seen uh you know
they're throwing opus now or GPT 4 point
or GPT or other models at like these big
math questions and asking them to solve
them. This is exactly how they're doing
them all under the hood. So as you guys
can see we've pulled 10 agents. There
are 119 raw ideas counting for
duplication. There are 52 in total that
are new. So we're going to do is we're
actually going to look at this consensus
report and then ultimately its answers.
All right we have the consensus report.
Opening it up here. You can see there
are 52 total. The first is salsa vera.
The next is tomatia avocado crema. The
third is aguile verde and so on and so
on and so forth. I could work my way all
the way down here. A bunch of different
types. You know, I could have had one
agent come up with all of these. I
could. Okay. But um the probability that
I would have been able to one come up
with like a highly differentiated list
like this and two scan as much of that
search space in the same amount of time
is very low. And so I'm sure you can
imagine you can apply this to any
business problem that you guys are
currently having to just come up with a
bunch of lowhanging fruit solutions as
well as like unique and and and outlier
solutions as well. We even have like
Indian influence sauces, Persian
influence sauces, Caribbean Latin fusion
sauces and so on and so forth. An
outlier that I'm definitely not trying
anytime soon is total blanc, which is
French butter sauce using tomatilla's
pectin as a natural emulsifier. No thank
you. So what would debate look like?
Debate is more or less the exact same
idea. Um, in my case, I've just turned
this into a skill. It's called model-
chat. Basically, what occurs is we spawn
five claw instances in a shared
conversation room where they debate,
disagree, and converge on solutions. We
use roundroin turns with parallel
execution within each round that
triggers on terms like chat and so on
and so forth. So, I'm going to do here
is I'll say, great, this looks awesome.
I'd like you to rerun this, but with
model- chat, make sure at least 10
agents are having conversations about
this. And then uh you know if any of the
sauces just sound insane or terrible or
crazy then obviously have them discuss
that as well. Just like our stochastic
multi- aent consensus took advantage of
like time basically and traded it off
against total tokens. We're doing the
same thing. So we're going to do is
we're going to start by extracting from
the user's me from the user's message
the topic or problem the mode the number
of agents and the number of rounds. It's
then going to run an actual script that
I've set up here that automates the
process of like having each of the
agents look at each of the other agents
responses before finally doing a
synthesis. Speaking of which, I just
read through a couple of those and I'm
actually just going to make some toss
right now. So, I'll be right back. Okay,
so me looking at the conversation over
here, just asking it to like give it to
me. Actually see that all the agents are
doing some thinking and the contrarian
is starting with 15 ideas. It'll
immediately challenge the ideas that
deserve it. They're now listing their
disagreements. So, does this actually
work? Is it a structurally sound
technique or a restaurant stunt with an
unacceptable failure rate? Is tamarind
redundant or complimentary? You know,
does tomato chocolate belong on the
list? If so, where should mole verde be
in tier one or tier 2? So, they're
having discussions on an ongoing basis,
which is um always really fun to watch
that we can monitor and then obviously
synthesize into an answer. Okay. And
then finally, we have the tomatio
synthesis over here. Um, toatio's pectin
content is underappreciated.
Tomatio husk tea unfortunately is not
cool. The foundational tier is subtle
and non-negotiable. And I actually look
at the foundational tier. You can see we
actually have a bunch of different
highly recommended sauces. Again, some
of these are very like nuance. Lacto
fermented tomato hot sauce, tucker
squeeze bottle drizzle, enchilada sauce,
tomatio agua chile, and so on and so on
and so forth. And you know I this is
just a really shitty example but
hopefully you guys understand that you
can take this to more or less anything
that you want. Um whether it's you know
designing a new computer programming
approach to a particular problem whether
it's choosing the right framework to
approach or tackle a task with or
something else. Okay so I just did all
of the previous example using a pretty
straightforward um you know like dietary
or chef sort of example. But now I want
to use this on an actual app and really
just have all of these different models
discussing things and doing so in a very
short period of time. What I have here
is I have like an algorithmic art
example and this is actually something
that Claude developed. It's part of
their algorithmic art base skill which I
think is actually like applied or
supplied I should say in um the
anthropic anthropic skill directory. Uh
you can adjust some things like the the
stroke weight and like the damping and
so on and so forth and actually have it
like come out with very unique designs.
So you can then just like save the image
and then boom, now you have like a cool
like wallpaper or something like that.
It's kind of neat. U but I want to I
want to improve this as much as humanly
possible. And the reason why I'm doing
it like this is because I also want to
show you guys how to apply the same
approaches that I just showed you to
agent teams instead, which are obviously
a much um more streamlined version of
doing the exact same things that I've
done so far. It's just streamlined in
the sense that, you know, it is built
out of the box to do everything, but it
does so at the cost of some tokens. So,
I'm just going to go back over here and
then I'm just going to look at synaptic
drift.html within art. I just need to
make sure to, you know, remember what
folder that's in. Then I'm just going to
open up another cloud instance. Now, a
lot of the advanced stuff as we know is
actually only available in the terminal.
And I think agent teams are a lot better
managed in the terminal. So, I'm just
going to open up the terminal. I'm going
to full screen it here as well. Let me
delete that and then go full screen. And
uh, you know, I could do it in here. I
could also do it in like ghost tty uh
which is probably my favorite like
terminal to use within cloud. But for
now um you know I I have my agent teams
idea. So I'm I'm basically now going to
say hey I'd like you to optimize
synaptic-drift.html
and turn it into a full-fledged
application. However, rather than just
do this all naively yourself, I want you
to take advantage of stochastic
multi-agent consensus. I want you to
take that skill and then apply it using
the agent teams feature. you'll
orchestrate a team of agents that do all
of this stuff. Don't just use what's in
the skill itself because that would be
running it a little too simply. I
actually want you to to read through the
whole skill and then use that to spawn
agent teams. Okay, so it's going to
start by reading the skill def and then
the HTML file itself which is found in
ART. It's then going to go and read
through the agent teams tooling and
everything that it needs in order to
basically spin this up easy. So it'll
start by creating a team for the
consensus workflow, spawning 10 analyst
agents with different framings, then
finally aggregating their
recommendations and implementing the
winning features. So the very first
thing it's going to do is spawn the
analyst agents. And you can see now the
UX has changed a little bit. You see
down at the bottom where I have these
different analysts that are running. So
if I go shift down, I can actually see
all of their different stochastic multi-
aent um kind of consensus threads. So
now they're all spawning and running in
parallel, which is pretty neat. At any
point in time, I could press enter to
view sort of the conversations and what
they're doing. And I should say I I
should note that um you know the
stoastic multi- aent consensus applied
to agent teams is basically just the
debate built in because the agents
actually can can communicate. Um the
team lead can also orchestrate that
communication too. So you know it's not
actually um really independent which is
neat. Uh you could spawn all of these in
like different windows if you want to.
You can also just continuously hold
shift and then go up and down to select.
What I'm doing is I'm just reading
through a bunch of different threads and
conversations. And it's clear that they
all start by just reading through
synaptic-drift. HTML. Um, finally, uh,
you know, this is now returning a bunch
of agent conclusions back. And more
importantly, it's also coming up with
consensus, which is nice. All right.
What it's going to do is just take all
these now and close them down while also
um looking at the consensus, the bugs,
the divergence, and then ultimately the
outliers. So, the consensus
recommendation of our next feature is
high-res exports, a preset system, URL
state, and sharable links. The bugs are
the race condition and regenerate
download saves mid-render, PG height not
checked. Uh, divergence is one or sorry,
six out of 10 agents suggest debounce
regeneration versus a live preview. Then
the outliers have also come in. Mobile
responsive layout, live animation mode,
seed history, web worker offload, mouse
attractor, repeller, and kill sidebar
overlay. So, this is all really cool.
You can see now it's coming up. It's
actually just deleting my old tomato
stuff. I guess we happen to be using the
same file or something. Instead, it's
coming up with this giant list of
different conditions and features that
it can build. Okay, now it's actually
shutting down all the agents
implementing it. Um, just because I want
this to do so faster, I'll say use agent
teams to do the implementation. And you
can see it's actually gone through here
and then um added all of what we needed
in order to implement the tool, the
features that the model suggested. In
addition, it's also spawning review
agents to see if we can improve the
quality of the generated code, spot
problems, and stuff like that. So, if I
go shift down, I could see all those.
So, we have now reviewer bugs, reviewer
features. Let's just see what reviewer
bug says. Okay, it's now sending the
review to the team lead. So, it's
communicating that back, taking a look
at what the reviewer is saying now that
it's opening it up. You can see we now
have a ton more features. We have
different presets. So, ocean drift,
ember storm, ink wash, neon plasma,
neural fire. We have the ability to
modify colors. We have 1x, 2x, and then
4x downloads, which I don't think you
guys could see because my face is in the
way. But if you just um look down over
here, you'll see that there's
significantly more functionality. Um we
can download a PNG at 4x as well. We
have simple like space bars to reload
and change things. We could change the
the speed and so on and so forth. Um
ultimately, this is just a better app,
right? And so we did this by basically
just exchanging a couple of my dollars
and tokens for, you know, a bunch of
different agents, all coming up with
their own ideas and then ultimately
executing on them. Hopefully you guys
could see you can apply the same
approach to more or less anything. There
are obviously optimal token trade-offs,
but um when you spawn the sub aents that
are a little bit less capable, um like
sonnet versus opus, typically that math
works out and you end up being able to
do just as much if not more in a shorter
amount of time for less money. All
right. And then finally, pipeline, which
is sequential handoff between
specialists. I mean, I just showed you
guys a little bit of that earlier with
um agent team sort of spawning review
bugs and stuff like that, but basically
that's more or less it. You have task A
done by some agent which is specialized
for task A. You then pass that off to
agent B which is specialized for task B
and then ultimately agent C which is
specialized for for task C. And so I
mean like you could just have A do all
three of these things. The issue with
having a do all three of these things
though is one um if you guys remember
earlier, good lord, this is getting a
little messy. You know, we're no longer
in the zone of good because odds are it
has like tons of context from literally
everything that it's done before. So,
you know, like it would have started off
over here and that would have been okay,
but now it's over here and then now it's
over here. And then two, like you
sometimes
fast and and and good development is
often at odds with like really in-depth
testing, let's say. And so if you think
about it conceptually like a a developer
agent will have different incentives
than like a testing agent. The developer
agent will be incentivized to like build
things that works really quickly using
you know whatever is available to it.
Whereas the testing agent will be
incentivized to try and like spot all of
the issues. And so like building things
new is sort of at odds with like
repairing the old things. And in that
way, if you try and have one agent do
everything, the probability that it will
be able to do it as well as possible
versus if you just spun up specialized
agents that were like highly tuned for
that thing, assuming their intelligences
are all held equal here, I'm talking
about like non-stop opus calls, not opus
sauna and so on and so forth, is is
definitely different. So my
recommendation would be, you know, like
what I would do is I'd have like a dev
agent for A like I just did. Then I'd
have some form of like bug fix for B.
then it' have some sort of like test
maybe bug in Q&A. And I'm not going to
redo that example because one, I want to
be respectful of your time, but two, I
just showed you that exactly with the
agent teams example. Um I guess the meta
example here is you combine all three of
these and then um just have all of them
interacting constantly for best results.
Like you have, you know, debate and
stochastic consensus to come up with
like the best ways to, you know, improve
on a product. Then maybe you do some fan
out, fan in, and researchers to go look
at like different APIs and different
design patterns that you could use to
fulfill that before finally handing that
off to some sort of like bug reviewer,
QA or tester. Uh but hopefully it's
clear that yeah, all of these things do
not exist in isolation. Uh they all
exist together.
Next, let's talk context management,
which put really simply is just all of
the files and folders and organizational
methods that you put into a workspace to
allow claude code to effectively manage
whatever work you have. Now, I'm seeing
a lot of people try and delegate work
right now, sort of like human companies
do with CEOs, you know, CTOs, CMOs,
uh, claude coder agents and software
engineers and stuff like that. And I
think initially when I looked at this,
this one's called Paperclip
specifically. It's got a pretty
interesting repo that you can check out
right over here. It's all about running
your whole business with our agent team.
I think initially it's really easy to
look at these and be like, "Okay, this
is stupid." You know, I mean, that's
that's what I did. I uh made a couple of
videos and I talked at Nauseium with a
couple of my friends, and I was like,
"This is dumb. Why would we try and fit
agents, which think very differently
than human beings, into the exact same
organizational hierarchies we've been
using for the last 150 years? Just
doesn't make sense. Human brains are
different than agent brains." The latter
is obviously a lot more spiky and good
at certain things while sucking at
others. But anyway, so as as quick as I
was to initially dismiss this idea, what
I've come to realize is that sub aents
as these org charts and skill.md files,
which as we know are self-contained SOPs
that exist within a file capitalized
skill and MD, these are actually just
two flavors of the exact same thing.
What they are is they're just different
ways of organizing your markdown files.
And so just like in my case, we ran a
model- chat skill earlier for me to show
you guys how, you know, models debated
and stuff like that. Okay, we had a
skill.md within it that stored a bunch
of information that was like hyper
specific to that skill. We had model-
chat.py, which was a tool that this
skill could use. So too are our sub
aents organized in basically the same
way. I guess what I'm trying to say is
like, okay, if we take sub agents on the
left hand side, what was one of the main
reasons why we like using sub aents?
Okay. It's because it's a clear or fresh
context window, right? All right.
Awesome. So, that's one. How about the
fact that it's specialized? Awesome.
That's another How about the fact that
the sub agent is probably more reliable
at sub agent specific tasks, right?
That's another one. And then how about
the fact that it's written in, you know,
markdown format with tool use? Well,
fantastic. That's another one. If we
look at like how that equates to skills,
honestly, the only thing that's missing
is the fact that the context window is
not entirely clear or fresh. But you
know what you can do with these is
because skills are so efficiently
written, um they're basically a form of
compression that pushes you towards a
shorter context window anyway. So
basically the only real difference if
I'm honest, and keep in mind like when
you instantiate a sub agent, you're
giving it, you know, a little prompt,
right? kind of similar to the way skill
works. The only real difference between
the two is just the amount of context in
the sub agent versus the skill. But I
want you guys to know that sub agents
are honestly basically skills and skills
are basically sub agents. They're just
slightly different ways of storing
information. So why am I bringing this
up? Um just because I'm coming to
realize that the two are the two are
very similar and they're soon, I'm sure,
in the future going to be like merged
even more so into a similar concept. Um
all these two point at are just
different ways of organizing your
context and basically organizing the way
that you you get tasks done. one
delegates via CEO to CTO, CMO, CTO, all
all the stuff, right? I don't know why
there's two CTOs now that I'm looking
at. That's kind of weird. Whereas the
other one stores things in a skilled
dynam like just going back to
anti-gravity right over here, right?
Like I could go to this skills folder
and then I could go and find that model-
chat. And I mean like the way that this
is written is basically the exact same
um you know schema basically that a sub
agent is written in. You know, if I go
over here to Claude Code's actual
documentation page on sub agents. I
mean, you actually have basically the
exact same structure. See how here it
says the title, code reviewer,
description, prompt, tools, model. Okay,
you see over here, what do we have? We
have the name. Okay, we have a
description and we also have the tools.
I mean, like the model is sort of baked
in here because it's in our main thread.
It's going to be open 4.6. But hopefully
you guys are seeing like skills and
subent actually similar. They're just
slightly different ways of organizing
information. So, I'm making this big
point because I think that's important
to realize as we continue moving forward
with cloud code and other tools and we
get more and more advanced with them.
Um, the shapes of how we're transmitting
information to our models will likely
end up being quite quite similar.
Whether one person decides to use a
paperclip style big fleet of agents that
does XYZ, which maybe, you know, just a
couple months ago I might have looked
at, scoffed and said like, well, that
doesn't do anything. Um, you know, so
too are skills basically that the same
thing. So the model intelligence is
growing more and more and more capable
within the harness which is what allows
the the development of these really
interesting organizational hierarchies.
So what are some of these organizational
hierarchies? Well, I've already shown
you paperclip here. And the way that
paperclip works or rather it's supposed
to work is this is like a dashboard
which um somebody developed that you
know I think just praise off of maybe
praise isn't the right word but it uses
people's misunderstandings of how agents
work. Um it equates them in
anthropomorphizes then makes them seem
really similar to humans and then it
puts this in front of you so that you
feel like you're running a whole team.
And so in this way clearly it's broken
down by role, right? Whereas the average
skill is not broken down by role. The
average skill is broken down by
function. Um also skills typically don't
delegate to other skills. That's really
the main difference. But paperclip isn't
the only one that's like this. Here's
another good example. Company helm. This
one over here is a very same similar
sort of idea where you basically have an
AI studio. Within the AI studio, you
define a bunch of different roles for
your agents and so on and so forth. And
then that's ultimately what allows you
to manage your projects. This instead of
being left to right is obviously, you
know, organized a little bit differently
of a front-end builder, a QA runner and
so on and so forth. How about open goat
which is the AI autonomous organization
of openclaw agents. Again, you know,
it's doing this with like CEO, head of
sales, customer support-based
organization, which I don't really
believe is ideal. I don't really think
you should have this level of direct
reports. I mean, like, think about it.
Why? All of these could just be Opus
4.6. They could be way smarter. They
could pull from some sort of shared
context pool. And I think you really
wouldn't leave that much out. uh but it
is an interesting approach. This one
over here is called the system which is
uh obviously using some sort of AI
generated diagram here but it's 26
specialized a agents which we've thought
about that do architecture, design,
product development, release, operations
and so on and so forth. This one over
here I think is called gas town which is
basically where you have a mayor which
is your AI coordinator, a bunch of
different crew members and then also
pole cats or worker agents. You guys may
have heard of crew AI. It's the same
sort of idea. It's a fast and flexible
multi- aent framework which supposedly
delegates things, okay, where you have
crews that have different agents within
them each with their own segregated tool
calling and stuff like that and you know
it's another way of organizing
information. This one over here
swarmclaw is CEO based developer
researcher and again you have
delegation. So all these are different
attempts by different groups of people
to try and determine like the best
organizational hierarchy of agents and I
think pretty much all of them suck right
now to be clear. Um, but I just want you
guys to know and level with me that
these are just different ways of
organizing information. Just like you
have skills and skills are highly, you
know, specific to you, it's just a
collection of markdown files with names,
description, allowed tools, and then
like SOPs. Sub agents are basically the
exact same thing. So, as the field
continues to mature and there are better
and more novel context management
strategies out there, uh, multi-agent
orchestrators essentially, uh, you know,
these things will grow more and more
differentiated. Now in terms of what I
would consider to be actually valuable
delegation. Okay, there are two main
design patterns. The first is the parent
researcher and QA system where
essentially you have a parent model
which is usually your smart one. So this
would probably be like your opus model
that communicates with researchers
plural. This will be dumber models like
sonnet that typically do research better
and more economically. And then some QA
agents like opus which are basically
just tuned to QA and nothing else. And
the idea here is this is a good balance
between like those super bloated arg
charts that we saw earlier while still
allowing each type of agent to do the
things that it is inherently better than
human beings at. The parent agent is
obviously orchestrator. Anything that is
up at the top you can always consider to
be an orchestrator. And then what you
have here is you have multiple you know
sonnet researchers. And this takes
advantage of that fan out idea. Okay.
Where when opus needs something it
doesn't just do the research itself
because that'll pollute its context
window. It goes does a bunch of
research, fits in quadrillions of tokens
into the context windows of these sonnet
agents, then takes summaries of that and
then uses that to make decisions. And
then basically the way that it works is,
and I'm just going to sort of draw like
the the logic flow. Opus will decide to
do something. It delegates down here.
Okay, that information comes back to
Opus. Opus then builds something kind of
on its own. After it's done building
something, it goes and gives the uh
product of its building over to the Q&A
agent. The Q&A agent returns some
changes that it suggests it makes. Opus
then goes through makes those changes
again gives it to the QA agent. QA agent
returns. This loop continues until
basically everything is done. If there's
research that's necessary, it'll go down
do some research here and they continue
develop. And then finally you have your
whatever the the final product is that
you're building whether it's like a
business system, a development system or
whatever. In this way, you're maximizing
the incentives of each individual agent
while also allowing uh I want to say
like the leanest possible setup that
still recognizes that different things
are better at different types of agents
are better at different types of tasks.
You know, we could make this bigger of
course. We could have like a testing
agent. We could have a design agent. We
could have a development agent. We could
have a backend agent. But, you know, the
more complicated you get with the stuff
again as mentioned like typically the
worse that it gets. If you want to go
even leaner than that, then the second
system is developer and QA where you
literally just have a smart parent.
Okay. And then you have a smart Q&A and
then you just go back and forth between
the two. And what happens is every time
that you want to test something, you
sort of have like a claw tomd or or or
just like a prompt that's baked into
your parent that legitimately says, hey,
after you're done every development, run
it through a new QA agent. The idea here
is the QA has like literally no prompt
other than, you know, you're a QA agent
with no context. Read this code and
apply the following whatever like design
principles to it. And basically what
occurs is this QA agent since it doesn't
know what the heck the project is is on.
Um it's not going to be biased like the
parent agent will be in the development
of the feature. The parent agent will
have feedback from the QA agent and so
it'll be able to incorporate into its
own thread and take advantage of all of
the pre-existing list of failures and
successes and things it's tried and so
on and so forth, but the Q&A agent is
like new and it's new spawned every
time. And so typically what'll work,
what the way it'll work is the parent
agent will go and it'll develop a
feature and then at the end of the
development there'll be um something in
the cloud NMD or system prompt that says
okay now that you're done make sure to
check it with the QA agent. So we'll
spawn a QA agent. The QA agent will then
give feedback. Okay. The parent will
design feedback. The parent will design
feedback. The parent will design no
feedback because it's now good. Parents
done. And so now we have the final
product. Um obviously you know because
it has to do its own research and stuff
like that. I personally think this is
not as ideal but it is even simpler and
um keep in mind that there is always
like a time cost every time you spin up
a sub agent. It's a fixed time cost but
uh there's also some compound
probabilities you're multiplying because
you know you are having an agent
delegate something to another agent
basically there's no human in the loop.
The more independent steps that an agent
has to do without a human being in the
loop the higher the probability that it
will diverge from its sort of intended
um goal or intended task. So when your
parent agent in the previous example
generates you know a bunch of research
queries to the you know sonnet sub aents
and goes and does them there's no
guarantee that the research the sonnet
sub aents are doing is actually 100%
faithful to what your initial query was
every step along the chain that is
further from you typically the results
and the quality is a little bit more
diluted. So yeah I mean like it'll be
it'll be either one of these for me
developer Q&A or some sort of parent
researcher Q&A. That would basically be
it though. Um, personally, I find right
now with all the org charts and stuff
like that, we're just we're just going a
little bit too much. We definitely don't
need uh I don't know 700 layers of CEOs
and customer success agents and lead
engineer agents and stuff like that.
Now, I want to talk about something
that's gotten a lot of attention
recently and does genuinely have the
potential to significantly improve many
business and programming functions. It's
called auto research. Essentially, what
I have in front of me is I have a
research lab that I've spun up to
improve the load speed of one of my
websites. Now, the way that you gauge
whether or not a website is loading
quickly, is based off of uh three main
metrics. The first is called LCP, least
contentful paint. FCP, first contentful
paint. Then there's TBT. I don't know
what that stands for. And then finally,
there's performance score. And so this
is a standardized assessment called uh
the Google Lighthouse score that you've
probably seen before. And basically, it
measures like, you know, when I type in
1 second copier and I press the enter
button, how fast does literally
everything on the page load? It also
checks for very minor things like, you
know, when I when I load this website,
um, does the content on the page shift
around? So, my website here,
leftclick.ai, is just one of many ones
that I own. And essentially, it's just a
little bit too slow right now. And it's
slow for a variety of reasons. We got
this cool like glass isomorphism
animation on the page. You know, there's
like stuff moving around and lots of
images of my team and and so on and so
forth. So, um, you know what I've
decided to do is I've decided to
basically take all of the load off of me
to make this website faster and then
just give it all to that fleet of AI
agents to do so instead. Auto research
is basically perfect for use cases just
like this where we have a very defined
goal in my case to decrease or increase
a couple of metrics. A very defined
change method which uh is how you
actually make the impact. So in my case
just modifying the website code and then
a very standardized assessment which in
my case is that lighthouse score. In
case you have never seen this before,
basically Andre Karpathy, who is the one
of the founding members of OpenAI, and
then he also was the head of AI at Tesla
for quite a while. Um, you know, he he
just was doing a bunch of research on
his own for uh one of the models that he
was running and he's just like, you
know, do I have to do this stuff
anymore? I feel like I'm at the point
where I could have AI actually run most
of my research for me. Let me make a a
quick hypothesis. if I just gave all of
my changes to AI, would it be able to do
the same thing that I do while I slept
such that when I wake up, I'll have like
a big list of improvements? And turns
out, you know, he he can. And it's not
that AI agents are like better than
human beings at determining these
research changes, but it's actually
quite standardized to do conceptually.
You're basically just like looking over
a bunch of different possible things you
could do, making one tiny change, and
then just evaluating, hey, did that
actually improve my score? Did that make
things better? If so, I keep it, and I
just move on to the next thing. And I go
over and over and over and over and over
again until finally, you know, you make
it hundreds of iterations later. So, you
know, in my case, like we uh I just
reran the test because I want to start
this from scratch to show you guys how
this works. Well, it's actually fairly
straightforward. And what I'll do next
is I'll run you guys through the
original way that auto research works
and then how to download the repo and
then set it up on your end for whatever
the use cases that you you particularly
have. So, it all started when Andre
Carpathy uh who was a researcher, he
used to work at um Tesla. I think he was
the head of AI at Tesla and then he was
also one of the founding members of
OpenAI asked himself you know uh all
this work that I'm doing all this
research stuff that I'm doing is there
any way to automate it and he found that
if he just broke down step by step what
it is that he actually had to do it more
or less always went like this you know
he he just had a little loop set up
where you know he would uh make a
hypothesis and the hypothesis would be
like hey if I change x y and z I think
my system will run faster then he'd
actually execute the change. So he'd
actually go and adjust XYZ. Then finally
he'd assess. And then if the assessment
was good, aka it made an improvement,
then he would just go back to this and
then make another one. Then if the
assessment was bad, aka it failed, then
he would just get rid of it and then not
change anything. And then, you know,
kind of start from scratch. And all
along the way, okay, what he would do is
he would update this little document,
which um you and I could just call like
a research log. And you know, basically
the first change would be like, oh, you
know, this worked. It was great. Second
change, oh no, it didn't work. Then
here's why. Third change, okay, it
worked and it was great. And eventually
over time, you end up with this massive
massive log of all the different
possible things you could do to an AI uh
to whatever your task is and all the
things that you have tried in the past
that doesn't really change anything.
Okay, so this is made of three files.
There's a prepare.py, which in our case
is kind of pointless. Then there's a
train.py and then a program.nd. The
reason why the prepare.py is pointless
is because it's just about like AI uh
research specifically. It's like fixed
constants, downloading the training
data, training a BP, bite paroding,
tokenizer, and a bunch of other stuff
that just isn't really relevant. The
stuff for us though is obviously we want
to train this and and improve this um
improve our programs. We want to improve
our websites. We want to improve some of
our business functions. These two files
here, train.py and program.py basically
underscore how the entire thing works.
Okay, so the super important one here is
called program.md. What you do is you
basically just tell it what you want it
to do. So, for instance, hey, um, here's
what you can do as an AI agent. Modify
this file. Okay, every time you do, I
want you to print a summary of the
scores and then log it to this file. And
that's literally it. It just goes
through that loop over and over and over
and over and over again. Then the actual
train.py in this case, it's just like
the website itself. Uh, sorry, the um
the AI model um um setup itself with all
the layers and stuff like that. In our
case, right, the example that I was just
showing you a moment ago, that's just my
website basically. And so basically it
just like it has a loop set up in its
prompt. You tell it what you can change
and what you can't change. You give it
some like sort of log file that it dumps
everything to. So you have like a big
list of changes in progress. And then
you know after that you are you're
basically done honestly. You just fire
it off and let it go. And when you do
you know you can make some pretty cool
changes. So you know I just reran the
thing and uh we're already seeing some
pretty substantial improvements. Uh not
all these improvements are the same ones
I was showing you guys before. It's this
research lab. just I'm just resetting it
over and over and over again to see if I
could find anything more interesting.
Okay, so hopefully that's pretty
straightforward. Simplest and easiest
way to do that um is just head over to
github.com/carpy/auto
research. And then what you do is you
just copy this link. Okay, so how do we
actually do this? Just open up
anti-gravity. I'll click open folder. Uh
I'll just make a new one called
autoresearch test. Okay. And then I'm
going to open
and I'm going to click on cloud code.
Zoom way in so you guys could see and
actually just paste this and say clone
this into our current folder. um auto
research test just so that it doesn't do
this in my um kind of my root folder
which it's done a couple times. All
right. So, it's going to start saying,
"Hey, I want you to clone this." So,
it's going to give it a quick try and
it's just going to dump all the files in
here. So, now we basically have the
exact same thing we had before, right?
We have the program.py, prepare.py,
train.py, the progress, and you know,
even like a read me that explains
everything. So, now all we need to do if
we want to like I don't know, train this
on a site or something is um well, first
of all, why don't we just make a quick
site? Hey, build me a simple onepage
portfolio site for Nyx. And obviously,
it doesn't know what my name is. So,
it's now going to build a simple onepage
portfolio site. I just wanted to do it
here. So, it's going to do this inside
of this file. First, it's going to ask
me some questions.
Just uh add demo information for
everything. And my goal is I just want
to build a brief little website here for
us. And then I just want to run auto
research on it to show you guys how easy
it is to optimize things. Now, in our
case, we're going to do website. There
are a million different things you can
apply auto research to. I'll run you
guys through a quick and easy framework,
but first I'm just going to show you
guys what you need in order to actually
set this up. All right. Now, what I'm
going to say is, excellent. I'd like you
to create a dashboard for auto research
and then set up the auto research
framework to optimize the Google
Lighthouse page score for index.html. I
want you to run this on a local loop and
basically just make index.html HTML as
fast as possible across LCP, FCP, TBT,
and then also performance score. Then
give me some sort of live dashboard view
so I could watch it um actually work in
reality.
Cool. And then I'm just going to press
enter. And basically what it's going to
do is just going to read through all
these files right over here. And then
it's going to use all of the information
here in order to set up the dashboard
for me. And while it's working, I just
wanted to explain a little bit about
where we are and where we're going. The
initial stage of AI encoding was sort of
like vibe coding. This is like 2024 2025
stuff where a human being aka us prompts
then an AI writes some code and then a
human being reviews. So in this way our
roles were basically relegated to
writing. We would write the prompts we
would make minor changes where necessary
and in that way we like build a website
or something. Well nowadays most of us
do agendic engineering and this is sort
of what the advanced part of our course
um deals with. So this is where instead
of just dealing with one AI, we're
actually orchestrating agents and these
agents are doing multiple things for us
all the time and then basically like
returning the results so that we could
see and then like assess and make slight
little recommended uh changes. So in
this way our role is more of a director
but auto research represents sort of the
the next jump from agentic engineering
to actually full independent research
where now all we do is we're no longer
like actually even directing the AI
agents. We we let them handle their own
direction. What we do is we just say,
"Hey, I have a goal and I'd like you to
achieve this goal. Here's how you can
modify X, Y, and Z and here's an
assessment." And so in this way, we set
the direction. The agent just runs
completely autonomously. And then what
we are is we're basically like a we're
like a we're like a principal
investigator, like a researcher at a lab
somewhere. We just say, "Hey, you know,
I want you to do XYZ." And then we just
go farming it to a bunch of uh, you
know, research assistant RA monkeys to
go and and do the experiments and so on
and so forth for us. And so this is
along a spectrum of decreasing human
involvement. And I'm not really sure
what comes next after independent
research, but I do not imagine it will
require human beings in the loop
essentially at all. This is the same
sort of thing that big research labs
right now are currently using to
optimize their setup. So Anthropic is
almost certainly doing this all day long
for cloud code to make things faster, to
make things more performant. Um, you
know, Open AAI is probably doing this
behind the scenes to make codecs not
only better, but even like adjust the
architecture of the AI models and so on
and so forth. They're probably doing it
across all their web properties, right?
Anyone that's really worth any salt at
this point. It's probably been doing
something like what I'm showing you guys
with auto research for at least a little
while. It's just auto research is
Carpathy's way to democratize that and
then allow people um, you know, to to do
this even with like paid providers like
Anthropics Cloud. Okay. So, if I go back
here, you can see this is actually set
up the auto research loop and it's
actually doing the research um, which is
not essentially what I wanted to do. I
want to actually see the dashboard. So,
what it'll say is show me the dashboard
because I I actually want to like watch
it work live. And then it's just paused
the optimization loop. Now, it's going
to show me set dashboard. It's restarted
that. And then um I guess it's going to
actually show it to me now in a second.
Cool. We have it right here. Awesome.
So, here is our dashboard and we are
running multiple experiments. Obviously,
this looks a little bit different from
the dashboard I showed you guys earlier
for my leftclick auto research, but
that's okay. I don't want this to look
the same. And I want to show you guys
you can apply this to whatever you want.
Um, our very first experiment had an FCP
of 464,752
and a size of 12.9. What we ended up
doing is we ended up minifying the CSS,
making a bunch of changes to the code
basically, and it took it from 12.9 down
to 10, which uh technically makes our
website even faster, but in reality
doesn't actually influence things
because our scores are basically the
same, at least speedwise. Okay, so this
is just going to continue um operating.
Just say continue. Now, in my case, what
this is doing is it's currently
occupying the main thread, right? So,
this is why it's going to be writing and
making changes and stuff like that. Um,
at any point in time, I could say, "Hey,
just go run this in the background." Or,
"Hey, I just want you to run this in a
loop using like the Enthropic um uh
agent SDK or something like that." I'd
supply my API key and then it would and
then it would go. And what it's doing
now is it's actually making the changes.
I guess I should probably also like open
the website itself. That would probably
make more sense. Let me actually take a
look at uh what that looks like. Right.
So, here's here's the actual website
itself. And you can see that like for
the most part, you know, it's very basic
and simple. But what we're doing is
we're just optimizing it. We're making
it faster and faster and faster. This
may break the website in some cases.
Sometimes some minor changes like this
do. But as you can see here, we've
actually like improved it by a whole
whopping 2 milliseconds, right? We made
whatever change we did that made this a
little bit slower has now been fixed and
we're a little bit faster. Then it's
just keeping each of these. So, you
know, these things will go down very
very very uh slightly. They'll increase
very very slightly. But, you know, if
you uh let it go for enough loops, then
eventually you can get to the point
where you're legitimately making pretty
large improvements to the least
contentful paint. Um, you know, first
contentful paint and so on and so on and
so forth. And just know that we can
discard any runs that don't actually do
anything. So, you know, in my case, my
um uh like the one requirement I had for
my leftclick perf auto research uh run
was that you can't visually change the
website at all. So, you should take a
screenshot and it should be pixel
perfect compared to the initial one,
which is why it's like not adjusting the
font or whatever. But I can make more or
less any other change aside from that.
And it it is doing so, which is pretty
neat. Okay, so now you're probably
wondering, Nick, so how the hell do I
actually use auto research in my own
business aside from the demo that I just
showed you? And like what else could I
apply it to? And my rule for auto
research is that in order for you to
meaningfully make any changes, you need
to have three things. The first is you
need to have a metric that you want to
optimize for. So in my example, what is
the metric that I am optimizing for?
Well, I'm obviously optimizing for my
lighthouse score. And so it's a very
standardized metric. It's really simple
and it's very objective. There's no real
negotiations about what a lighthouse
score is. Google invented it. It is what
it is. That's what I'm looking basically
to uh to to assess. The second thing
that you need is you need a way to
change that metric. So you need a way
you can influence an outcome that
modifies the metric itself. So if you
think about it in terms of lighthouse
page score, the direct way to modify
your lighthouse score is just to change
your website. And the direct way to do
that is just like alter the code a
little bit. So in my case, not only do I
have the metric, which is a lighthouse
score, I have a direct way I can
immediately change the metric. And then
the third thing that you need on top of
that is not only do you need the metric
and then you need a way to change the
metric, you also need a way to assess
what it is that you just did. And so
because it's kind of like in the name,
right? This is sort of a contrived
example, but like the lighthouse score
has a lighthouse test, and the
lighthouse test just tells you what your
lighthouse score is. So, I have like the
thing I'm trying to improve, which is,
you know, all the metrics that I just
showed you guys. I have a way to improve
it, which is modifying the website. And
then I have a way to assess that, which
is my Lighthouse page score, um, which I
can run in a loop basically immediately
after the changes. It takes me just a
few seconds. And so, those are the three
things that you need. If I were to
formalize this, okay, and I will because
I just want everybody to know uh, and
and be able to visualize it. The three
things you need in order to do auto
research, okay, are number one,
a metric, number two, a way to influence
or the I don't know change method, let's
call it, which allows you to influence
the metric. And then three, some sort of
assessment. And with the change method
and the assessment, the most important
thing, at least in in my view, is that
you can do both of these things pretty
fast. Like if your change method takes a
really long time to do, it takes like an
hour or whatever and then your
assessment takes another hour. If you
think about it, your your experiment
will only be able to run as fast as
basically once every two hours and
that's still like light years ahead of
like a you know, a human experimentter.
But if you really want to see like those
crazy vertical lines in the graph as
things just get better and better and
better sort of recursive
self-improvement, you know, you need to
have a pretty short change method. So
ideally, this would take I don't know,
let's say like 30 seconds or so. Why am
I drawing like that? I could just do
this. You know, maybe like 30 seconds or
And ideally, the assessment would also
take maybe 30 seconds or so as well
because combined what we have here is we
have a loop that can run 60 times per
hour. Or if you multiply that out,
what's 24 * 60? Um, a lot. 1,440 times a
day. I mean, like if you could run an
experiment 144 times a day, you know,
even if like only 2% of these are
actually good, that's like I don't know
about 30 changes that improve. And if
every change improves things by 1%, what
you've just done to be clear is you've
gone 1.1 raised to the 30, 1.01 raised
to the 30, which is uh 34% improvement
per day, at least in the first day. If
you had, I don't know, let's say 90 of
these changes be good, then this math
ends up mathing way better for you. It's
2.4x. If you had 180 of these changes,
you'd be 6x and so on and so forth. This
is going to go basically as high as you
let it. Anyway, so going back to my
anti-gravity here, um, just seeing a
couple of the changes. It looks like the
biggest change that it has made that is
actually and actively improved things
was this jump between 45 and 627.
So it made some change here, content
visibility auto, remove scroll behavior
smooth. That actually significantly
improved the uh the load speed. And so
that's what it did here. And we gone
from 646 at the top to a fast contentful
paint here of at the lowest 619. It
looks like the least contentful paint
did not change at all. meaning that this
currently loads in like I think 600
milliseconds or so which is pretty dang
good. Now kind of a contrived example
since I just had AI build me the
simplest website ever. But you know you
can see with a more complex website one
that I built for the most part at least
initially and then one that AI didn't
really have a lot of time to optimize
for and it was a lot more complex those
animations and stuff we've actually
improved that improved that by 20%. To
give you guys some more context there
are some people out there that have
applied this to projects that have
improved metrics by like 50%. So Toby
Litk pointed this autonomous AI research
um system over at By the way, this is
the founder of Shopify, right? Big guy
or CEO of Shopify, I should say. He ran
auto research on the entire Shopify
liquid codebase. Now that's responsible
for like running more or less everything
about uh Shopify. Like it's it's their
templating liquid syntax language thing.
It's it's a lot of freaking code. And he
found that after running this for
however many times, he had 53% faster
combined parse plus render time, which
is his main metric. 61 fewer 61% fewer
object allocations. Another metric. And
things are just freaking printing for
him. I mean, you know, what's that like
twice as fast essentially to think that
you could just point this at something
and go twice as fast in like 20, I don't
know, like 30 runs or something like
that is nuts to think about. I don't
know how long this took. Maybe it was
like an evening. Maybe he went to bed,
woke up the next morning and his
freaking whole code library was twice as
fast. I I don't know. Um but yeah, I
mean like the fact that he he has done
this and he can do this is obviously
very impressive to anybody that has any
sort of software that they want to
optimize. So what are like the practical
takeaways? Um you can optimize basically
anything you want. So in my case,
optimizing a website. How about you guys
make a SAS app? Well, you can actually
optimize that SAS app. You can optimize
not only the uh front end of the SAS
app, you can optimize the back end. You
can say, "Hey, hey, here's your server.
Here's the whole setup. I want you to
make this load as fast as possible. I
want like the request to come in
instantly. Do whatever the heck it takes
to do it. Here's a quick little test
method. You know, we we time how long it
takes for one request to come in when
you click a button. You could just tell
it that. Even if you just gave it
literally the exact transcript that I
just gave you a moment ago, it would
probably do a pretty good job so long as
you have the auto research framework.
You could optimize random tiny things in
your business. I mean, there are
probably some like interfaces, random
little modules and stuff like that in
your company that like, you know, could
be way faster and way better. You can
actually optimize that. You could
optimize things like customer support
queries. You could like uh I don't know
have like a prompt let's say that like
an AI agent uses in order to handle
customer support and maybe you're
running some big enterprise or maybe
you're plugged into a big enterprise and
you have the ability to collect this
data. You could actually just like test
modifying the prompt and then like
waiting I don't know like an hour and
then seeing the changes and you know
it's an hour which is kind of a loop but
it's still 24 changes a day. You could
like meaningfully modify that and move
that in the direction um towards your
goal. You could do cold email. That's
personally what I'm using this for. Cold
email is kind of a special case because
again you need a fair amount more time,
but I'm still capable of doing something
like six to 10 tests a day at like over
500 to a,000 emails per test. It's
pretty dang good. You could optimize a
bunch of other things as well. You could
optimize like your ad creative. You
could optimize your copy. You could
optimize your conversion rate by making
minor changes to a page. You could
really have a agents optimize whatever
the heck you want as long as you have
the volume of data necessary in order to
like construct the test. So hopefully I
made it really clear how all this stuff
works. So, all you really have to do is
just head over to, you know, that
Carpathy auto research, that Carpathy
auto research. Sorry, not that one um
library or repo over here, okay? And
then just copy that puppy in, clone it
inside of your repo, and then just do
away on whatever task you have. The
simplest and easiest one for you guys to
see how things work are obviously the
website ones. But yeah, just know that
like you can apply this to more or less
anything as long as you have those three
points that I mentioned. You need a
metric to optimize. You need a change
method or a way to influence that
metric. And then ultimately, you need an
assessment.
Next, I'd like to talk about automation,
specifically automating things on the
internet. We're going to start with HTTP
requests. Then we're going to move up to
browser automation. And then finally,
we're going to round it off with
computer automation. And I'll talk about
a bunch of different platforms you could
use and ways to do more or less all of
these things. So HTTP requests are
probably the simplest and easiest form
of, you know, internet automation. And
cloud code does this natively. In case
you guys didn't know, HTTP stands for
hypertext transfer protocol. And
essentially, every time I send a request
to a website, basically every time I try
and load one, what I'm doing is I'm
sending a HTTP get request to the server
upon which my website is located. And
then my browser will take the response
and then mark it up and make it look all
pretty. So for instance, let's just like
rerun that one more time. my browser,
the client, decides it wants to access
leftclick.ai on account of I just typed
it into my freaking page. The second I
press enter, what we're doing is we're
actually sending a request over to their
server, okay, which is located at some
IP address. And that server is
configured to automatically respond to a
request of that kind by just dumping the
whole website and giving it to you. And
so then my browser takes that whole
website and then it like marks it up and
now I can see it. Right? Now, you might
be wondering what exactly is it marking
up? Well, if you view the source of the
website, which is pretty easy to do. You
can go to any website, just rightclick,
press view page source, and you'll see
all the HTML, you can see that what a
website is actually sending and
receiving is not like the pretty images
and stuff like that. It's it's usually
just sending references to those images.
And um this is actually the content of
the website. My browser just has
mechanisms inside of it that just know
how to turn this into that. Okay, so
case in point, um the definitive AI
growth partner for fastmoving B2B
companies. This didn't just like come
out of nowhere. It's not like this is
like an image. This is actual text on a
page, right? If I go the definitive, you
can see that it's actually being
represented on the kind of code of the
page that um is being sent from the
server every time I make an HTTP get
request. The definitive a growth partner
for fast moving B2B companies. All
right. So why is this relevant to us?
Well, because the first aspect of any
sort of browser automation, doing things
on the internet, I should say not um
browser automation, but like automating
network tasks is this hypertext transfer
protocol. Claude and other AI models now
have the ability to use web tools to
basically make HTTP requests of the kind
that I just showed you. And that allows
it to do a tremendous number of things.
Not all things, but a tremendous number
of things if you know how to use it,
right? So, the simplest and easiest way
for me to demonstrate that is you can
actually just like scrape any website
you want now with Claude or any other
agent. Hopefully, it's pretty clear and
obvious how. What we do is we just take
the URL, we go back to our agent, which
in my case is this auto research one.
Then I'm just going to say
retrieve contents of this, just the
text.
What this is going to do next is it's
obviously going to send the HTTP request
using the web fetch tool over to https
leftclick.ai.
And now what will have gotten back,
okay, is it will have gotten back
exactly what I just showed you a moment
ago, okay, which is all of this. Now,
because I said just the text, if I go
back here, you can see that it has
extracted sort of stripped all of the
code here and it's returning basically
just the stuff that I could actually
see. So, what did it say? Navigation,
case studies about services, reviews,
let's talk. Case studies about services,
reviews, let's talk the definitive a
growth planner, fast moving, B2B
companies. See that right over here, you
know, uh worked with anthropic, notion,
Wix, Hey Gen, V, Litrix, Durbal, and so
on and so on and so forth, right? So I
guess what I'm trying to say is like
this is a simple way that I can get
data. And so one of the first and most
elementary uses of you know uh any sort
of coding agent is just you can automate
website scraping really easily. So I
could give it a simple list of tasks and
I could say hey I want you to scrape
like 400 different websites. I could
literally just give it a big array top
to bottom. It could go and it could do
the scraping. Now the issue is a lot of
the time okay you want to go further
than just scraping than just reading a
website. What you want to do is you
actually want to dynamically interact
with website and change things. So for
instance, let's say what I'm doing is
I'm getting a big list of all of the
agencies out there, the AI agencies like
Leftclick, and I want to send them all
messages. Well, you know, I could just
scrape every single website to see if
there's an email address, right? But in
my case, maybe there's no email address.
So what do I want to do? I want to take
that next step. The way that I do so is
usually through some sort of form or
whatever. How do I automate the clicking
of a specific button? It's kind of
difficult to do, right? I can't just
automate the clicking of a specific
button um through an HTTP request
because you know this is something more
than HTTP. It's kind of JavaScript. I
could try and some websites I'll be able
to so hacking this. Hey uh extract the
cal.com link for me and then open
in Chrome. Now going one step further.
Okay, we're going to open this link in
Chrome. So, we actually have this link
available. And there are some services
out there where you can actually just
send an HTTP request to actually like
book a meeting on a page. But you might
think like in order to do that, I
actually have to click on this button
and then type this in and then enter a
bunch of information and so on and so
forth. Turns out I can actually just use
HTTP requests. So, I'm just going to say
book a meeting for 3:30 p.m. tomorrow.
First name test, last name test, email
nickattest.com. And without any more
information, what it's going to do is
it's going to go and it's going to find
the API documentation.
It's going to check the availability
using the API documentation and then
finally it's going to ask to book. So
I'm going to say 3:30 p.m. March 30th.
Then it's going to go and actually do
the booking. But do you notice how many
issues there are and errors there are
with this? This obviously isn't perfect.
Now I could theoretically figure out the
exact schema and format that I need to
use in order to send requests like this
every single time that I try and book
like a cal.com, but the reality is like
not everybody's going to have a cal.com.
What I'm doing here is I'm building a
very particular solution that solves my
one particular problem, the HTTP
request. And even then, you know,
there's just going to be some back and
forth. It's not going to be it's not
going to be perfect. And this is taking
forever. I mean, I've been sitting here
for like 10 15 minutes. It's trying its
best. It's booking with a variety of
different means. And I don't know, who
knows? Maybe it'll actually go and do
the booking. Okay, there we go. We
actually did end up doing the booking,
thank goodness. That said, that took
forever and it was obviously a very
fragile solution that only works with
like particular cal.com pages, right?
And so that's where we move to the next
level of automation. That's where we go
from simple HTTP requests which you know
most services out there will have some
sort of API application programming
interface that you can actually
communicate with. But um you know
they're super fragile. They require very
particular formats and as you can see
they could take a really long time and
then they're very narrow. That's where
we move from sort of like the first
level of automation HTTP requests all
the way to full scale browser automation
which is where uh cloud actually fully
controls your browser. And you know
there there are a couple of built-in
tools with this now. But typically the
best way to do this is using one of two
tools at least as the time of this
recording. Um Chrome DevTools
MCP
or there's also the browser
use platform which actually is pretty
new, pretty recent, but it costs a fair
amount of money. And so what this does
is instead of just sending HTTP requests
under the hood, what this does is it
actually loads up a whole browser for
you and then goes through the process of
doing a booking. So you see how hard it
was for me to do this, you know, sort of
simple task of like booking a meeting on
a calendar even though I gave it the
exact time, the exact information and so
on and so forth. That might have taken a
human being 1 second. It took me like
something like 5 minutes of back and
forth and probably like 40 bucks of
tokens. So meanwhile, I can open up a
page that has Chrome DevTools MCP. And I
could basically say, "Go here, book a 30
minute meeting for uh I don't know,
March 30th at 300 p.m. Nick test
Nick.com.
Answer a bunch of demo stuff for any
booking cues." Okay? And I I just want
you to look at what's going on. I was
just using Chrome somewhere else, so
it's just going to kill the pre-existing
um instance, but now it's actually going
to open up a new one. I want you to
notice that like this is actually like
opening up a freaking instance on my
browser and then it's scrolling through
and it's clicking on buttons and
navigating on them uh navigating through
the page for me. It's literally doing
this by modifying the JavaScript of the
page and running brief little commands
in order to like communicate and go
through things. So, it's filling out the
phone number, what made you want to
contact Nick's team, what's the project
budget, please share anything that will
help us prepare and so on and so forth.
I think the project budget in this case
might not actually be um five or I don't
even think that's a an option because we
don't go that cheap. As you can see
here, it's finding the options for the
budget, selecting 25 to 50K, and then it
actually goes through and it it does it.
So, what are we learning from this
experience? This is much more general.
Okay, it works way better for a much
wider variety of use cases, but it's
also a lot slower. Right? This is
something that previously um I could
have just sent one HTTP request once I
know the format and then I would have
like booked after like 0.2 seconds,
right? But now, you know, we're kind of
going through the page one step at a
time. Every single one of these actions
realistically is kind of like a it's
almost like the same amount of time that
a single HTTP request would take. Now,
what it's doing is it's actually
deleting um you know, my numbers and
trying to reformulate numbers and stuff
like that in order to like make it a
valid phone number. And you know, after
a little bit of finagling, it it
actually ended up finishing it, which is
nice. So, it actually went through, it
confirmed it. It then went through the
booking process and so on and so forth.
And it actually took screenshots the
whole way through of the process. So, um
why am I showing you this now? Because
basically this is a gradient where it
takes more setup time to do browser or
any sort of automation via HTTP
requests, but it's faster
and usually cheaper.
Then there's a spectrum where we go from
more setup time, faster and cheaper to
basically always works but more
expensive and slower
assuming that you you don't. And so what
does that mean? That means for any sort
of like prototyping business application
on a browser. I typically use browser
automation or even computer automation
which I'll talk about. And then once
I've sorted out that it works, I'll
actually go and I'll see hey can we do
this via HTTP request because if so
it'll be way cheaper and then we can
just run a bunch of HTTP requests in the
background. It's important because like
most of the time like the cool stuff
that you can do with cloud is actually
just like automation, right? So
understanding sort of this trade-off
between pure HTTP requests which
typically function off of like you know
hidden APIs or whatever and then browser
automation full computer automation um
will let you be able to control a lot of
things much better. So that's just one
example of browser automation. I could I
could use browser automation for
anything. Hey, I'm considering renting
in Vancouver, BC, looking for $3,000 a
month uh max one-bedroom rentals
somewhere in the downtown core are in
buildings that have cool amenities like
pools and stuff. And then the bottom two
are sort of like our budget options. I
could stick that puppy in there and then
it'll actually go through and, you know,
navigate to some rentals.ca page. I
couldn't do this via HTTP requests uh
without spending a lot of time sorting
all this stuff out. Even then, it would
be very fragile because the way that
these websites work is they actually
like explicitly try and go
anti-automation. They make it like
really really difficult to do anything.
But um you know, in this case, what can
I do? I can actually just open it up. I
can change a couple of filters and I can
actually go and like zoom in on the
page. It can do whatever the heck. Can
use the stuff on the right hand side. It
could it could use the stuff in the
middle. It can thumb through things. It
can get me like a big list of apartments
and so on and so forth. And I mean like
the trade-off here is this is going to
take a fair amount of time, right? Like
as you see, it's like one action every 5
seconds or so. But it's so general that
I could just give it a task and we'll go
and do it. You know, if I were to try
and do this by saying, "Hey, go scrape
the rentals.ca web page or whatever that
that would take so much time in order to
build to the point where it doesn't just
error out." And then most websites are
also very anti uh anti-HTTP request
automation because it's the simplest and
easiest one. So you end up just getting
like error error error error. This
actually like uses my browser which is
kind of neat, right? Anyway, I'm just
going to let all this stuff go and uh in
the meantime talk a little bit about
browser use, which I think is probably
like the the next level up.
Just called browser use the way the AI
uses the internet. I don't know how long
this is going to end up being sort of
like the the way to go, but basically
this is like the next level up from
Chrome DevTools MCP where you give it
some very simple instructions and stuff
like that like fill out my loan
application and it'll actually go
through the form using something very
similar to what we did. Maybe it uses
Chrome MC Chrome DevTools MCP under the
hood, I don't know. Um, and you do it
for, you know, like a bulk onetime
payment of 100 bucks plus like pay as
you go via credits. So in my case, I'm
not like affiliated with this company at
all to be clear. So, I'm not going to
touch on it too much, but obviously it's
a pretty cool product. Um, the big draw
I would say for most people here is just
like HTTP requests can be blocked
because of uh, you know, platforms and
stuff like that just being scraped all
the times. So, they try and stop you.
Um, so too can Chrome DevTools MCP be
blocked in like any sort of like
instance browsers. This platform like
basically the whole point, you know,
just to kind of cut to the, you know,
the pricing page and all that stuff like
like 99.9% of the reason you would want
to use this is because it is completely
undetectable. um you could make HTTP
requests um sort of the old school way
and then try proxies and stuff and maybe
that'll work but maybe it also won't.
But if you go Chrome DevTools MCP and
that doesn't work, this is what you do
and it's basically like 99.9% perfect.
Um it does this because it fingerprints
aka it like gives every one of your
browser instances that are controlled by
AI like this hyper custom sort of
profile. So it seems like it's like a
request that's made from a real person
and then in that way it like just like
offiscates it all. So, for most
purposes, like I still use Chrome,
DevTools, MCP, and this is like my main
pick. But if I have anything that like I
need to do in sort of a sneaky way. And
uh when I say sneaky way here, I mean
like this is great for stuff like social
media. So, if you want to do like
Facebook scraping or Instagram scraping
or if you actually want to like interact
with and leave posts and comments and
stuff, pretty tough to do just right out
of the box sort of with like a a version
Chrome DevTools MCP. But this is really
really good at like posting um sending
DMs, X connect requests, whatever the
heck you want to do. Um so yeah, not
affiliated with that company at all, but
it is pretty sweet and I think that
that's they're probably going to remain
the market leader in there. But anyway,
so just like HTTP requests had a lot of
setup time, but they were faster and
cheaper once you set them up. Browser
automation is kind of like a good like
middle ground where it's like um oh, you
know, like this actually has some some
basic browser functionality built in and
like it's pretty obvious how to like
click a button or whatever. Computer
automation is sort of like on the far
end of the spectrum where basically no
matter what you throw at it, it will
always work. The downside is it's very
expensive. Takes a tremendous number of
tokens at least right now and it is very
very slow. And the way it does this is,
you know, whereas HTTP requests
manipulate like APIs and curl requests.
Curl is actually lowercase. Browser
automation manipulates JavaScript and um
I don't know like page clicks like
button clicks. Computer automation
literally controls your mouse and your
keyboard.
And because it controls your mouse and
your keyboard, you can do more or less
whatever the heck you want. Like I could
literally like it could take my mouse
and then it could go all the way up here
and then it could close that tab. Could
move this all the way at the left. It
could close that tab. Like basically it
can do anything on the computer that I
can do. Now the way you do this right
now is you got to use the Claw desktop
app. So I'm going to head over to
Claude. I'm then going to open that up.
And then I think it's currently
available in both coord.
I'll just move over to the co-work tab
and I'll say have computer use.
Scan through my downloads.
Find the um image called maker school 26
or something
and then rename it to weekly community
call picture.
And the reason why I'm doing this is
because every dang week I have a weekly
community call and then I always just
lose where the image is that I use as
the thumbnail. And what it's going to do
to start is it's actually going to whip
up like computer use. So it's going to
request access to my finder. And now as
you can see here, it's actually whipped
up like a computer use thing. So now
it's going to go through and actually
like type in my downloads folder or
whatever. navigate over there and it's
just going to start typing a bunch of
different things like maker school and
maker school 26 and probably try
multiple variations of like maker school
maker school underscore and so on and so
forth because it's using my mouse and my
keyboard. You know, I can actually like
scroll through and uh and do things.
Now, this is like local browser
automation. This is actually literally
exactly what I want, which is nice. I
could have done this in like 30 seconds,
but it's nice that it's figuring this
out. It's using like a local browser uh
sorry local automation here to like
click through, scroll down and stuff
like that. If at any point in time I
want to change it, I'll say no, you had
it. It's the
the cover 26.
I'll press that in just so that it knows
what it's doing. All right, just went to
grab a coffee and I got back and it has
now found the Maker School icon 26.
renamed it to exactly what I wanted. And
yeah, I guess I screwed up on the name,
but that that was what I wanted, which
is pretty cool. So hopefully you guys
could see pretty straightforward here to
use computer automation. Takes a lot
longer. Also consumes a lot more tokens
because it is literally like controlling
my mouse as it moves across the page,
taking screenshots of everything as it
does so. And the amount of like fidelity
that it requires in order to do that is
is pretty high. But um yeah, I mean like
eventually, okay, put on a loop, this
sort of thing will work. Uh it might
just take a tremendous amount of time.
just give it a task, say keep going
until you solve it, and it will do it.
It will just probably burn your a hole
through your wallet um while while it
does. So, realistically, the probably
core play um that I repeatedly fall on
as somebody that designs these systems
for real businesses that earn hundreds
of thousands to millions of dollars a
month is I will start with some form of
browser automation for the most part
since we're usually just doing this in
browser. Um I'll usually try Chrome
DevTools OCP first. If that doesn't work
because it's like a stealth application
or it's something that, you know,
requires social media access, I'll do
browser use. Once I have that flow down,
you know, unless it's like a Facebook or
something like that cuz, uh, those are
just notoriously difficult to like HTTP
automate as well. Um, assuming that it's
not, what I'll do is I'll look to have
Cloud Code build like a custom utility
based off of the data that it gets from
Chrome DevTools MCP because it'll have
access to network requests. I can
actually see the requests that are being
sent and received. Once we have all
that, then I now have like the API
internally. I write a bunch of docs and
have cloud code sort of like embed that
within my workspace and then the next
time around I can just use HTTP
requests. Although, you know, keep in
mind that when you do it this way simply
because of the volume that you're able
to hit and the fact that HTTP is like
typically a lot more regulated than
browser automation. Um, you know, there
are some there are some risks to that as
well. You could get rate limited, you
could get throttle, you could also get
shadowbanning
economically valuable knowledge work
through claude. Um, it's really just
HTTP request, browser automation or
computer automation. Whatever way you
decide, just know that doing that sort
of automation is against the terms of
services of a lot of platforms that you
work with. So, I'm not condoning this. I
can't really explicitly recommend it.
Just making sure that you guys
understand sort of what's available and
um what other people are doing as well.
Next up, I want to talk about claude
code performance fluctuations and what
to do if and when this ends up
happening. I don't know if you guys have
ever watched that movie Interstellar,
the one with Matthew McConnA. It's one
of my favorite movies ever. And in it
there is a major problem that has
plagued the world that uh has you know
sort of set all the events in the movie
in motion. And that's basically this
idea of the blight.
Now what the blight is is it's some
disease that started affecting a bunch
of plants. And as a result something
like 90% of all of the food in the world
is now just corn. It's a specific type
of corn. That's why they got these big
corn fields and stuff. And then you know
the main character's family just does
corn farming all day. So in history,
this idea is referred to as monoculture
um harvesting like monoc monoculture
farming essentially. And it's where you
know one particular crop is just so damn
good. It's just so freaking productive,
right? Has the highest yields and so on
and so forth that over the generations
the farmers learn, well this is the best
crop ever. Why don't I just replace all
my crops with this crop? Then I can make
a bunch of crops and then I'll just
trade this crop for other crops as
necessary.
Every time that happens, usually
productivity or yields will go up. And
they'll go up for sometimes a long
period of time, sometimes like literally
generations. And then all of a sudden,
what occurs is there ends up being a
problem with that crop. The problem is
either in the soil, the problem is maybe
a bug that is developed that like really
screws with that crop specifically or
something else. And because all of the
farmer's eggs were in that one basket
with that one crop, what ends up
happening is this blight or this disease
or this circumstance ends up destroying
all of their crops at once. That's led
to some of the biggest famines
throughout history, I believe. And um
it's one of the reasons why, you know,
farmers nowadays do a bunch of things,
namely crop rotation. They have multiple
different crops that occupy the same
thing of land. They uh you know, usually
don't do just one crop, they have
multiple crops going, whatever types of
crop they are, just so that if a harvest
on, you know, one type fails, then you
know, they'll at least get something
from something else. Well, the reason
why I'm bringing up this analogy, and I
think I've really hammered it home here,
uh is because I think this applies to
cloud code. Cloud code is really good. I
don't think there's a better coding
harness out there. I don't think there
really is anything better than cloud
code. At least as the time of this
recording, and I don't know if there
ever will be. This is me just being
honest with you guys. I think at a
certain point with AI, you know, an
agent's ability to program the next
model, okay, just gets better and better
and better. And so the people that have
the better agents, if if they apply
their resources effectively, just end up
with like this impossible advantage due
to exponential growth. So what that
logically means is that, you know, it's
the best crop ever, right? It gives you
the biggest yields ever because it's so
productive and because it makes you
productive. You're probably just going
to want to use it all the time. The
downside to that is there are a lot of
things here outside of our control in
terms of cloud code performance. And
sometimes cloud code performance goes up
and it goes down and other times just
completely gone. So the reality is um
we're probably all going to be using
cloud code a lot because cloud code as
mentioned is freaking awesome. But if
you grow too rely on it to the point
where cloud code is basically a
monoulture crop, you end up with
situations like this, which actually
just happened yesterday, just one of
many occurrences. To make a long story
short, cloud went down. You know, there
was a big issue with Opus 4.6. And I
think it lasted like maybe an hour or
so. And basically 95% of developer
productivity uh plummeted the second
that cloud was gone. The reason why is
because, you know, cloud was everything.
They sort all their files on, you know,
the claude desktop app with uh simple
skills that were just made in like
Claude's format and nobody or nothing
else's. The second that Claude uh uh you
know was down then all their prompts
that they had saved and specific points
and stuff like that were very difficult
to access and they weren't good to use
with other models. Whole code bases that
had been designed by Claude were not
interpretable at all. There was no
commenting. So they tried using other
models and other agents and like that
didn't really work. And then ultimately
cloudish is the best. The intelligences
of the these other agents just don't
work the same. So, you know, just led to
like a bunch of bunch of issues
essentially. This isn't the first time
that this has happened. Um, this has
actually happened a number of times. You
know, this is Adam from um earlier today
talking about like major outages with
claude and how different types of
platforms are operational whereas other
ones aren't. There's also um a bunch of
cloud code performance degradations. You
know, I just looked up an old post from
I think it was uh Turk here who's one of
the lead guys on cloud code. He like
drops cloud code updates and stuff all
the time. Well, anyway, um, you know,
there were degradations historically,
this is December 17, 2025, of Opus 4.5
and Claude Code, where basically because
of some runaway either garbage
collection or some sort of like memory
issue, um, you know, Opus just got worse
and worse and worse and worse every day
for a certain period of time, which led
to like, you know, massive performance
decreases uh, literally probably on
planet Earth, at least in knowledge
work. So, okay, hopefully at least this
point I've convinced you guys why claude
is nowadays probably already pretty
monocultury and likely as it continues
to to dominate likely to just become
more and more and more monocultury over
time. Um, the question obviously is what
the hell can we do about it? And so
there are a couple of uh solutions and
most of them revolve around this idea of
diversification where basically you know
instead of just putting all of your eggs
in the clawed basket. This is my cute
little basket. Sticking it chalk full of
you know nice clawed eggs. What we do is
instead of putting I don't know all 10
of our productivity eggs in this clawed
basket. We put like seven eight or maybe
nine in them. Okay? So maybe like seven
out of 10 in claude. And then what you
do with your other three out of 10 is
you just distribute them. you distribute
them such that you know I don't know one
out of the ten are in codecs
you know another one out of 10 my god
I'm going to get really good at drawing
these are in uh I don't know like
anti-gravity's like gemini right and
maybe one out of 10 are in some other
type of coding harness like pi or
something that maybe also uses like some
form of like local models or whatever
the point that I'm making is obviously
we're being pragmatic here like you
should probably predominantly use the
best model out there because you know
it's not like a it's not a linear thing.
If a model is like 1% better than
another model that 1% once you get smart
enough is like the difference of like a
gulf right Einstein is like 1% smarter
than a normal human being or something
like that and he was able to come up
with the theory of relativity or
something along those lines. Obviously
don't take me at face value there. I'm
sure his IQ is through the roof. But the
point that I'm making is like when you
get to this point with these weird
galactic intelligences, even like a
small little increase in the the the
intelligence of the model might lead to
like a big downsize difference, right?
So if you have the ability to use the
best model, just use the best model. But
don't put all your eggs in that basket
because if that occurs then what'll
basically happen is like as the
performance of claude over time goes up
assuming um claude is orange
your total productivity in uh blue here
will also go up basically in lock step.
And so if the performance of cloud goes
down so too is your entire productivity.
If the performance of cloud goes up so
too does your entire productivity.
instead diversify. Okay, instead of just
this like yellow one which is Claude,
maybe you have like a green one here
which is Codeex. And what occurs is, you
know, Codex maybe is a little bit more
like this. And so what ends up happening
is the average performances of, you
know, both of these sort of average out
and then instead of being super reliant
on Claude, what you get to do is, you
know, this black thing which is like you
ends up being a lot more stable. It's
the same thing in uh investing. Have you
guys ever invested in like, I don't
know, an ETF or some sort of um um um
index fund? You know, basically the way
that all of the stocks work is there'll
be a stock that does this, there'll be
another stock that does that, there'll
be another stock that does this,
there'll be another stock that does
this. Do you see how volatile Okay, that
stock probably doesn't go back. Do you
see how volatile all these different
stocks are? Well, rather than tie your
your literal life savings to all of you
know any one of these stocks, you just
tie them to all of them simultaneously
such that you know over time maybe your
things slowly goes up and that's a lot
more reliable and dependable. Okay. So
the way that you do this in practice,
the way that you diversify your models
in practice, um, is you use platforms
built in that have the ability to
orchestrate or juggle multiple different
types of agents just inherently or you
use things like MCP servers or whatever
that allow you to do that sort of thing
within cloud code or within, you know,
some other um, you know, coding agent.
And so obviously like right now, okay,
if I'm just being pragmatic with you,
there's there's Cloud Code and that's
sort of like the big boy and he's
they're fantastic. Then there's, you
know, codeex. And some people will swear
on their mother's life that the codeex
is way better than clog code, but I I
don't really think so. And then there's
like, you know, um Gemini isn't really
the the right term. It's sort of like
anti-gravity's like agent chat within um
um uh anti-gravity. Okay. And this is
sort of like my little personal tier
list, but basically, you know, use other
models in conjunction with harnesses and
stuff like that you might have set up in
cloud code for for best results. Okay.
So, yeah. Anyway, there are two main
major ways of doing this right now. The
first is using a platform like
Conductor. If you've never seen a
platform like Conductor, what this does
right now is it allows you to create a
bunch of parallel codecs and cloud code
agents inside of isolated workspaces on
your computer. You can then just like
with anti-gravity or you know cloud code
desktop app or whatever, you can just
see how their performances and what
they're doing sort of in real time. And
because you are just the conductor up at
the top, if you know the clawed code
chunk of these don't end up working, but
then the codeex ones do, then that's
perfectly fine. It doesn't really change
anything for you. You're just going to
like momentarily allocate most of your
time and energy to the codeex ones. It's
all in the exact same interface. It's
very straightforward. You just do it
all, you know, through this sort of like
conductor interface. Super easy. And
then uh you know like this is used by a
lot of real big people all over the
place to basically average out minor
statistical fluctuations in models and
then allow for the taking advantage of
different parts of different models that
are slightly better slightly worse than
each other at things like for instance a
lot of people think the codeex is
actually like quite cracked at you know
the sort of like deep contemplation
required to make big backends and it's
better than cloud code. I don't know if
I entirely agree with that and I think
even if that were correct today, it
probably would not be correct in like a
few weeks because things change so
quickly. But, you know, this allows them
to take advantage of Codex's ability to
build the most cracked back end ever and
then have Cloud Code do some other thing
that Cloud Code is great at. Okay, so
Conductor is pretty sweet. Uh, I'm not
going to worry too much about like
setting it all up. It's actually quite
self um explanatory and I don't want to
just make like a 700 hour YouTube video
that's me, you know, setting up a bunch
of different platforms. There's no real
value to this. These guys set out the
knowled the um documentation really
really plainly and really intelligently
done here. You can just click that
download button, set it up and and
you'll be good to go. Okay, so that's
number one, right? Number two is you can
use something like um MCP servers to
distribute your load across multiple
different models. So for instance,
there's this codeex MCP server which you
know technically lives in cloud code. So
if cloud code does go down or something
like that, you won't necessarily be able
to use it. Keep that in mind. Um, but
you know, if it's just one of the cloud
models or whatever, it's a little bit
different. Basically, what you do is you
download an MCP server that allows you
to communicate back and forth with a
codeex. And so, that one's very
straightforward and easy. There's
there's a git repository right over
here. It's very straightforward. All you
do is you literally just like install
the codeex CLI, okay? Using npmi-g
at OpenAI/Codex. You just give it your
OpenAI API key. Then you just add it to
Cloud Code. Then you can actually just
like have a conversation with them. So,
for simplicity sake, I'm actually just
going to do that cuz that's a lot
faster. I'm just going to go back to my
anti-gravity instance, which is right
over here. You can see I got a search
back a little while ago from something
that I was working on. I'm just going to
open this up and I'll say install this.
I'll say keys andv
don't share. This is a demo. Let me know
when done so I can restart. And what
it'll go through is it'll go and install
the codeex mcp server. And then I can
just go here and I could say, hey, ask
codeex how it's going. So now what it's
going to do is rather than just you know
kind of operating on its own thread it
literally just run through like a thing
pinging codeex and saying hey man what's
going on it echoed back the message
successfully okay I want to chat with
codeex yes and let's just hear uh what
it has to do what it has to say rather
soc- cli codeex this is just a ping I
guess to make sure that it's online this
one is now saying hey I'm running on
codecs uh on gb5 in your local coding
workspace I can do all this stuff the
file system's currently restricted and
so on and so forth. So I mean this will
work in the cases where you want claude
to like orchestrate a conversation with
codeex without actually having to go
into codeex and that can that can be
quite good when um you know you don't
really want to like upset your local
workflow you still want to work within
cloud code and do everything that you're
normally doing but then for whatever
reason cloud code performance has been
degradated degradated degragated
degraded uh but I should note that you
know if cloud code itself goes down
let's say there is some widespread
anthropic outage you know your your next
best bet is to literally go and download
probably like the codeex
um desktop app here, download it for Mac
OS and either get a subscription or at
least know how to get a subscription,
know how to use the app such that if
there are major issues with any one of
these platforms, you know, at any point
in time, you can just jump right back.
So, that's personally what I do. I
actually have Codeex up and running. I
know how to use Codeex. I'm very
familiar with Codec. um you know the way
that I set up my workflow is not only do
I have like a dot claude with the skills
and and you know so on and so forth but
at any point in time I just I can just
duplicate this whole workspace such that
it's like generally accessible by any
agent I can actually go over here and
then say hey uh for whatever reason
cloud code is down so I'd like you to
duplicate this whole business workspace
change anything that is cloudspecific
like the claude the cloudMD etc to um
the usual agent specification. You can
find all that at agents.mmd.
Um, and in general, just make sure all
of this stuff works for codecs. Then
what you can do is you can either run
some sort of like synchronization flow
or you could just like manually do this
every now and then. And then you can
send that off to codeex however
necessary. Cool. Now it's actually going
through this process of syncing the
workspace to the exact same type of
folder / business-codex. Then it's just
changing my agents.mmd and stuff. Um,
what you could also do is inside of the
same workspace, you could just like
duplicate this, make this like agents or
whatever. You could have this just all
go cap agents. You just probably need
some line in your cloud MD that says,
hey, when you update your cloud MD, also
your agents or whatever. The whole
purpose of this workspace is to work
with anything. Um, in my case, you know,
this is just very cloud specific and I'm
making courses on cloud, so I can't
really just mess this up and I don't
want the workspace to get any any
messier than it already is. But
hopefully you guys see how easy it would
be realistically to do some form of
diversification. Okay, so just to make
it super clear, there were three main
forms that I was recommending here,
right? The first form was I recommend
downloading and then installing a tool
like Conductor. What Conductor does is
it allows you to run a team of different
coding agents right out of the bat using
like the native CLI for codecs and um
cloud code. And so you're actually
having multiple agents just like
operating in parallel. They're just
doing so sort of in one workspace that
is not like branded or tied to any
individual type of model provider. The
second one is using something like the
Codex MCP server which is great to use
when like cloud code is up but
individual cloud models are degraded or
there's some issue that are um that is
preventing it from operating the way
that you wanted to. In that way you
could still take advantage of whatever
cloud model you do have access to and
also like your own cloud interface let's
say in cloud codes desktop app or maybe
like an anti-gravity um cloud code
extension setup like I have. And then
the third is just operating in an
entirely different agent platform
entirely. My recommendation, at least as
of right now, is to use codecs because
uh every test that I've ran with Gemini
is nowhere near as good um at anything
except for front- end design. Perhaps
their new model will come out and
that'll be way better or something like
that, but I'm not going to hold my
breath for that at the moment because as
mentioned, I think Claude is really just
the dominant the the dominant playboy as
of right now. Okay? And all of this is
because we do not want the monoculture
crop. We do not want all of our eggs in
one basket. We can have most of our eggs
in the cloud basket for sure, but if you
put all of them in, then you're going to
suffer the exact same situation this
present jit guy did where you know the
second that cloud went down, he just
couldn't do anything. Okay, so hopefully
that makes sense. I personally am about
70% cloud code and maybe 30% spread
across codecs and then like a couple of
open source models. Um, and then I use
agnostic uh you know coding harnesses
like PI in conjunction with things like
conductor in order to make sure that I'm
good to go.
All right, now let's chat workspace
organization. I'm going to show you guys
the way that I personally organize my
workspaces, discuss a couple of
alternative ways and then also just talk
about like the hierarchy of information
and then how to maintain like a really
root clean file space. So this is the
structure that I basically have set up
and I'm going to run you guys through my
actual anti-gravity setup in a second. I
actually just had AI generate me a bunch
of diagrams for this. So that's pretty
meta. But um to make a long story short,
I store all of my business stuff in a
business workspace. Okay? Now, my
business workspace includes a bunch of
additional folders that you don't really
need in order to have my structure there
are very specific to the platforms that
I use and whatnot. Really, the folders
that you need, if I just cross out all
the stuff that you probably don't
actually need, okay? And like you
probably don't need this either. Some
people have virtual environments, some
don't. But really the stuff that you
actually do need um is going to be like
aclad which is where you're going to
store all of your you know claude
specific files. It's where you're going
to store your skills. It's where you're
going to store your agents and etc. An
active or a temporary folder or whatever
the heck you want to call it. But this
is basically just going to store
everything else. So all the generated
files and so on and so forth. Aenv where
you're going to put your obviously env
keys. So any sort of like API keys,
credentials, anything like that. And
then finally, your um local cloud.MD,
which is just like your local system
prompt. And if you guys remember, we
store the global system prompts um in a
kind of like a tilda.
Claude folder um where you know the rest
of your your global stuff is. And this
is like this is somewhere else. This is
usually like your home folder wherever
that is. On a Mac, you know, in my case,
it's like Nyx. So if I go in my Nyx or I
folder and then I show hidden, I can
actually see the doc folder. I can click
on it and I can see it under your
workspace. If it's like a Windows or
whatever, it's going to be different. So
you're going to have to look for it.
Okay. So mine obviously looks a little
bit different from that, but I just want
you to keep in mind those um you know
the cloud, the active, thev, and then
the cloud NMD. That sort of structure I
showed you a moment ago. That's the one
I'm going to be assuming that you you're
going to be building. Okay. So I
separate things into and I also have a
personal version of this, but for now
we're just going to stick with business.
a business workspace. And so I literally
have like a folder on my computer, you
know, nicks arrive
and then it goes slash business and it's
within this business folder that I
currently exist that I do all of my
work. So what do you have inside of
business? You have yourv, you have your
claude skills, which is sort of like the
intellectual capital that you accumulate
over time as you do various sopable
things. You have your claude.md. Then
you also have um you know like your
active folder and the way that I
personally organize this as somebody
that not only um uses cloud code and
other agents in my day-to-day life but
also sells clients on the implementation
of these sorts of things and then is
also responsible for using cloud code in
order to fulfill the implementation is I
separate it such that my main business
needs that contain all of like like my
stuff is in this business folder and
then anything that I do on behalf of my
clients lives in specific client
folders. So let's say I have a client
called client A. Well, client A actually
has his own env with the client's API
keys. They have acloud/skills with the
project skills. Skills that are highly
specific to the needs of that particular
project. You know, if I work with like
some sort of digital marketing agency
and I have a skill that uh I use on
their behalf in order to like connect to
some service that they use to print out
a report, like I would put that skill
inside of the client folder. Then I also
have a cloud. MD um that essentially you
know I just run with a slash in it and
that also just describes a little bit
about the client in the same way that I
showed you guys earlier. I have my own
cloudmd that describes a bunch of stuff
about me. So oh who am I Nick Sarif? You
know I'm 30 years old. I'm an end-J. I
currently live in XYZ area. Here are all
my businesses. Here much money I make.
Here's all this like highly relevant
contextual information. I also have
similar contextual information for my
clients and then for their businesses as
well as anybody on their team. So that
you know if I say hey send a message
over to Jane letting her know XYZ. It's
literally just like one message and then
and then it's sent. Okay, so I I
duplicate that across all my client
base. So client A, client B, client C,
however many clients you have, that's
how many project folders I have. And the
key here, and the reason why I think
this is like this most solid
organizational scheme I've stumbled on
after several years of working with this
stuff, is you can actually call client
skills while still being in the business
um workspace. You know, it's not the
exact same because you're not
technically loading them inside of the
um if I just go slashcontext here,
you're not technically loading them
inside of the actual context. Okay, you
only got the ones that are like sort of
local here, but uh you can still call
skills that are not local simply by
putting in your cloudmd a oneline thing
that says, "Hey, um there's some skills
that we reference that aren't all going
to live inside thecloud/skills folder.
These are client specific skills. If you
want to reference those, then you
actually have to go inside of the client
folder that I'm referencing and then,
you know, pull it out that way." And so
in my case, um you know, the business uh
workspace is sort of like top level and
the client workspace is sort of
underneath. So what's up with this?
Don't pollute a root. Always store an
active or subdirect root. You know,
earlier I said I have an active folder.
The reason why is because if you start
polluting your root, it just ends up
being like a total nuclear bomb waiting
to happen. You just have so many files.
Your files are stored all across one
giant folder. Not only is it like
visually insane to look at because it's
like this is always open essentially and
it just pushes all the way down to the
bottom, but it's also a little
disorganized for your agent as well.
better instead to store specific
locations that you dump files to. Okay,
using the skill spec itself. So for
instance, inside of model chat, if I go
over to my skill, you'll see that it
actually specifies where to put the
actual model chat. It literally says
dump it inside of active/model-
chat and then name it in this particular
way. So in that way, this model- chat
skill is actually hooked up over here to
this model- chat um you know
conversation thread. and I can open that
up and I can actually like see the
conversations that we have been having.
Um, it's also much more organized for
the skill because I'm not just dumping
everything in the same place. Uh, it's
super easy to do and then I don't
actually have to do any sort of like
agentic search or agentic lookup which I
think is pretty valuable. Uh, because
agentic lookups are just more things
that consume tokens. So, what I'm trying
to say is I just store everything inside
of like a folder I can toggle called
/active and then I store any specific
information as to where these things
will go um inside of the actual skill
themselves. So, you know, there's a
bunch of leads of my own CRM. That's
where they live. There's like some
config files for other things. This is
where they'd live. If I do research,
this is where they live. And so on and
so forth. I would never store random
scripts directly in root. Neither would
I do temp files or data files. If you
want like temp files, files that you
know are only going to be used for like
a short period of time or in the course
of a a process being executed.
Personally, I actually store these as
like active/TMP
inside of some hidden TMP folder so they
don't even mess up my active. And you're
probably thinking like, well, won't I
lose stuff if everything's super nested?
No, you you won't lose anything
nowadays. You're trading off the amount
of time it would take you to like scroll
through your root thing for um the
amount of time it would just take you to
pump it into your agent to ask it, hey,
can you find XYZ? But you'll find that
if you just like allow the agent to
organize your workspace, it it tends to
do so in a pretty consistent and then
reliable way so long as you expressly
give them a structure where you're like,
hey, make sure to always put stuff in
active. And remember earlier I talked
about diversifying away from just cloud
code. Well, what's really cool is um you
know when you'd run a business workspace
like this and then you have your client
and and and so on and so forth workspace
sort of underneath it um what you can
really easily do is just duplicate your
cloud. MD into an agents and then a
Gemini.mmd and you can just have all of
these in all of your workspaces
simultaneously such that if at any point
in time you want to use I don't know
cursor for something you want to open it
in anti-gravity you want to do it
directly in cloud code like you never
really run out of the system prompt um
um design pattern like you know if you
have the same thing written in cloud MD
the same thing in agent MD the same
thing in gemini you can basically just
like have that on 247 now I haven't
needed to do that personally um in quite
a while and I've actually been very
lucky to have not been affected by some
of the recent outages but I remember
back uh I don't know like a month and a
half ago or whatever I actually had like
a specific line that said hey I want you
to synchronize the cloudmd with the
agent and the gemini identity all the
time just in case you know we have an
outage and I need to drop this into a
different coding platform now another
thing that'll happen reasonably often is
you know because we're not dumping stuff
into our root we're going to end up
dumping a lot of stuff into um active
right and so I have like just a bunch of
stuff here dub video links yay dentist
auto research hindi source you know when
I was dubbing my stuff bunch of
different um um screenshots and stuff
like But uh you want to periodically
clean up this workspace. So you
periodically want to say something along
the lines of, "Hey, clean up my active
slashfolder. Anything inside of
subfolders are fine, but anything that's
just loosely in the in the folder, like
any txt files, py files, JPEGs, and
related, I want you to clean up by
either deciding if it's necessary. If
it's just a temp file, just get rid of
it. Otherwise, store it in a folder that
makes sense. You're going to want to run
something like this reasonably often.
Um, the reason why is because you just
don't want to have to, you know, scroll
again through like a quadrillion
different things. And you also want to
make sure that any future model that
comes around can just like very
logically look at some sort of
organizational hierarchy and then make
decisions based off of that. So that's
what's going on here with all these docs
for Icloed, right? It's deciding what to
do here. It's going to download them
into different folders. It's actually
going to get rid of a couple files here,
like, hey, this is a file. This is an
incomplete download. This is a bunch of
unnamed temp snapshots, right? And and
what you'll find is within like 2
seconds, it just does the whole thing.
Now my active folder is much much
cleaner and I don't have to worry about
this sort of thing um ever again which
is nice. Um and you know in my case I
also have a couple of these web design
projects. Enumerate all the web design
projects in active. Um these are things
like Volta or aura and so on and so
forth. Find similar projects and then
store all of them within a web- design
folder. And despite the fact that you
know you might be like thinking Nick why
the hell are you spending time and
energy doing this? Um, if your workspace
is clean, the work that you do within
that workspace tends to be a lot cleaner
as well. And so, I mean, in my case, I
just found what, like 1 2 3 4 5 6 7 8 9
10 11 or something like that, different
things, I've just sorted all these out.
Now, anything here that is more personal
than business, let me know and I'll
upload it into the personal workspace
instead. I just let that go, but I don't
obviously want to show you because there
are some personal things in there. And
that takes me to the next point of
workspace organization, which is
everything that I just talked to you
about. Um, when it comes to like
organizing with a business at the top
level and then having various client
folders in, you can do the exact same
thing with personal. And so I don't
actually just have a business uh sort of
workspace set up. Claude has now gone
beyond just my business partner. Okay?
And it also assists me with a lot of
personal stuff. And when I say personal
stuff, I'm not referring to like, I
don't know, relationship troubles or
whatever. I'm talking about like for the
most part my health, uh, you know,
things like my my my citizenship
paperwork, uh, you know, important
documentation relating to my identity,
personal projects that I have that are,
I don't know, related to like learning
piano, uh, that sort of thing. And so,
like I have like a business one over
here, okay? But just because I want this
to be really, really clean, I'm also
going to show you guys a personal um
version of this,
okay? Which is basically the exact same
thing. And then instead of doing this
via clients, which you know, I mean,
like obviously it's it's a personal
project. It's not a client project
anymore and then you can't really do it
that way. But instead of doing things
based off of clients, I now recommend
doing things based off of like domain
and or um you know like a particular
field of your life. So, I haven't found
the best way to organize this yet, but
for instance, I have one right now on
citizenship because I'm currently
proving my my citizenship to uh you
know, a particular country in Europe.
And as a result, I'll be able to be an
EU citizen. It's going to be pretty fun.
Likewise, I have a sub one called
health. This contains a couple of skills
that I use to like visualize my genetic
libraries and stuff like that. And
hopefully you guys are seeing the point.
What you do is you just sort of you
enumerate the clients of your personal
life which tend to be projects like
citizenship, you know, your health, uh I
don't know, your skincare and whatnot.
And then you contact or or or list those
underneath your personal workspace. Then
you also have skills related to your
personal workspace like hey you know can
you clear out all of my I don't know
like personal emails for X Y and Z. In
this way you have a good separation at
least in my mind between business uh
life, your personal life and then also
just logical grouping of each of the
different things that you can do within
them. So I also have as mentioned you
know that personal folder and I can open
that personal folder anytime I want. Uh
it was just right back up here and
that'll just contain you know specific
personal conversations I've had with uh
you know Claude and Anti-Gravity to do
things. And I'm happy to like pay token
costs, stuff like that to absorb that
because my personal life isn't like
personal personal. It's just stuff that
is not business, right? If I can improve
the productivity of that, might as well.
One more thing you'll notice is that
when I open up this personal, the colors
were a little bit different. Um, I do
that on purpose. I do that because, you
know, if I am working on business stuff,
I want it to be very clearly like
accessible and visible to like my my my
monkey brain. Like I instantly want to
know I'm in my business folder. Whereas
when I'm in my personal folder, that's
different. And so what I've done is I've
made the outline of this green. I do
that by creating this VS Code settings
folder and then I just have sort of like
this um config that VS Code reads at the
beginning of every run to like actually
change the header bar. This isn't like a
super big unlock or anything, but I do
find just like having a slightly
different color will always just make my
own be like, "Hey, this is my personal
folder, so I have access to like
personal information here, so I can
actually have a conversation about
whatever." I don't need to reprompt it
with a bunch of stuff. And you'll also
notice that uh you know, this doesn't
have like the Netlefi or a bunch of
those other sections because this
personal folder only stores stuff that
is like for me. it's not for Netlefi.
Okay, so hopefully that gave you some
insight into at least how I organize my
workspace, but this is by no means the
only way to do so. There are a bunch of
other ways to do it as well. One
candidate way is instead of having like
a business workspace, what you do is you
just enumerate all the projects in your
business. So I don't know, you might
have a project for instance that's like
website overhaul. What you do is you
have like a top level folder. Okay, your
top level folder might be business or it
might be whatever the name of your
company, Leftclick Incorporated. Then
inside you have a projects folder. Then
underneath your projects folder, you
have like website design, you have
conversion rate optimization, you have
lead generation, and so on and so forth.
If you're running a business, you can
actually now have your CRM entirely
within cloud code as like ajson file.
And then uh periodically on a daily
basis, you can synchronize using some
sort of crown job or something like that
to, I don't know, some events that are
pulled in from your calendar. You could
store stuff that way. I've seen people
host everything on GitHub as well. do
some sort of like daily uh uh uh
download or clone of GitHub and then
some sort of like nightly push so that
they always have all their information
stored on the cloud. You can do that in
conjunction with the previous system I
told you about or the
business/personal/client
one that I talked about initially. You
can also just ask Claude to set it up
according to however you like. If you
guys don't like the way that I set up my
workspace for whatever reason, despite
the fact that I do think it is probably
like top 10, um you know, by all means,
you can just ask Claude, hey, I want to
have information for this. I want to
have information for this. Can you build
me like a strong naming scheme or or
system that'll enable me to do that
better? Okay, hopefully you guys like
this and it made a lot of sense to you.
If you guys have any questions on that,
let me know. But let's move on to the
next module.
Now, on to a topic that I think a lot of
people don't like, security. And bear
with me. Usually, most of the time when
people talk about security, it's sort of
divided into two camps. On the left hand
side, you have like the accelerationists
that are like, "Cloud code for
everything, baby. I just gave it my DNA
and USB stick with all of my personal
private information and passwords. Let's
do this thing. Then on the other side,
you have like grubby old folk that used
to, you know, program computers by punch
cards. And so obviously there's some
irreconcilable differences there.
They're like, "What the heck? Why would
you even I don't know like make
something web accessible, man. You
should do everything on bare metal." And
then other folk are like, "Well, you
should just have Claude code do
everything." Now, the reality, like most
things, is nuanced. And in my opinion
the best case is somewhere in between.
So this module and the next are going to
be a lot of talking and a little bit of
demoing. Um but it's important for you
guys to understand as cloud code ends up
becoming more of the predominant
generator of productivity in your life
that there are a few small security
differences or impacts that you can have
on cloud code that solve like 90ish% of
all of the possible downsides and
there's basically no reason not to do
them. Okay, so I have this Google doc
over here that I'm just going to walk
you guys through. And really, the first
point I want to make is that everything
on planet Earth is hackable. It's always
just a question of how hackable. You
know, your front door is hackable. Uh
technically speaking, the the Department
of Defense is hackable. Everything is
hackable. It's just what is the risk and
reward involved in securing it to the
point where you, you know, dispel 90ish%
of attackers. So the way that I see
things, you should 80/20 security. Avoid
most the low hanging fruit and then just
accept that there's always going to be
some small percentage of people that are
going to hack you anyway or try to hack
you anyway. And you know depending on
how big your vibe coded app or
agentically engineered flow ends up
getting obviously your attack surface is
going to increase one to one with that.
You know just for a reference like when
I was first starting on YouTube I had
like one login attempt per month and it
was always me. Well, now I get like
probably 30 to 40 login attempts per
day. It's just a bunch of people that
are constantly trying to hack my ass.
You know, back in the day I had nothing
sort of to lose. Wasn't a very big deal.
Now it's obviously a lot a lot bigger.
And you find this as you kind of go up
the chain. You know, if you become a
public figure or whatever, obviously
you're more likely to get that. Can't
imagine what Chris Hemsworth freaking
openclaw probably looks like, but that's
aside from the point. Just know that
everything is sort of relative and in in
your shoes, you should just cover the
8020. Okay. So, we're just going to get
uh to a point where our app or setup is
less hackable than the amount of time
and effort it would require to actually
go through it. Anybody could
theoretically break into your house
right now. Most people don't because
there's just a little bit more effort
required to break into your house
versus, you know, if you just unlocked
your front door and somebody could walk
right in. So, what we're going to do is
we're going to put the equivalent of a
fence and a camera up. Eliminate most of
these and then we should be good to go.
Okay. So, let's just cover some low
hanging fruit right off the bat. And at
the end, I'm actually going to give you
guys a simple security audit that you
guys could use to copy and paste through
any sort of app or system or or website
or or web property that you have to
basically minimize the probability of
this occurring. The first thing to know,
which I think most people don't, is that
you actually leak API keys every time
you chat through plain text with cloud.
Now, maybe they'll fix this at a future
version, but right now it's not. All
Cloud Code conversations are actually
stored in this folder right here in your
computer. Tilda just stands for home
folder slash and then dot is a hidden
convention in both Mac, Windows, and
Linux where if you have a dot in front
of something, you know, you just can't
see unless you specifically enable like
the hidden folder view. So, what that
means is you probably have a a
longunning log of API tokens that are
hardcoded there outside of, you know, a
ENV or whatever. And just to show you,
I'm going to head over to my
anti-gravity instance. This one is the
same auto research repo that we were
doing other stuff on. And I'm just going
to say, "Hey, I want you to remember the
word." Well, let's not even do that. I'm
just going to say, "Hey, what are your
opinions on quit
codles?" I don't know. There's some sort
of animal I think called a quitzicodal.
Um, that's outside my wheelhouse. I'm a
coding assistant, so I don't really have
opinions on misoan feathered serpents.
Interesting. So, hopefully I didn't
absolutely butcher this. Is it quite
codal? Ah, okay. It's this right over
here. Okay. So, I'm just going to insert
this into a chat history. And the reason
why is because I want to open this up.
And then I want to say search through
um claude in the tilda folder for any
conversation mentioning qua cotlas. And
what you'll see is there's actually a
long running log of all conversations
basically right here in this folder. In
my case, it's / user/nextra. That's my
that's my home folder. And now it's
going to actually pull up the
conversation files and give it to me
word for word.
give them to me line by line whole
convos.
And so essentially, you know, if we
actually uh dive into the output there,
um the way that this information is
stored is they're stored in JSON L
files, which are like JSON files that
are line by line by line. And you can
actually see how they're returned just
by doing a search here. I mean, I could
obviously open it up, but you know, I
probably have API tokens and stuff like
that in there. I don't really want to
do. You can see that they're organized
into um like a big JSON sort of
structure, right? And so you can
actually see if it pulls it out, you now
have the transcript which says user
title assistant user assistant. This is
the exact same chat that we just had
back here. And so I'm sure you can
imagine like you're going to have a
bunch of API keys that you've pasted in
plain text also available here. And I
mean like that's not the end of the
world. Obviously we need to store our
API keys somewhere. But uh a very low
hanging fruit in security is just
minimizing the number of places that you
have um the same sensitive information
spread out. Like if you have the same
sensitive information aka an API key to
like your anthropic account or whatever
stored in five different places, the
probability somebody stumbles ac across
this at some point if they're hacking
you or if it's just some sort of routine
data check or whatever um is is like not
just five times higher, it's something
like 500 times higher. And I think a lot
of attackers now are realizing the
attack surface. And a good place to like
look for this sort of thing is in the
conversation history. So, you know, you
can't avoid having some API key stored
around. But a really simple and easy way
to avoid this is basically instead of
inserting um you know, I'm just going to
make like a fake env here. And then
instead, I think I'm going to make a new
conversation. And instead of me just
saying like, hey, axelottle. Okay. What
I'm going to do instead is I'm going to
store this um animal_ame.
And then we'll do axelottle right over
here. We say, "Hey, I just inserted an
animal name in an env for a future
task." You know, uh, very important we
do not leak this name. Okay. Um, now
what it's going to do is it's just going
to like clarify with me. It can use this
in some sort of function or whatever the
heck it wants. And then if I go through,
see how it says never read or display
the contents of an ENV file. or convert
enviles to Git. That's another pretty
low hanging fruit. If you um have API
keys stored in places that are not your
ENV, a lot of people will mistakenly
push that to GitHub. And like, you know,
if you're pushing it to GitHub, now it's
on now it's on the internet as well,
right? Which is even worse. But, you
know, now if I go over here and I say,
"Hey, can you find me conversations
about um Axelottle in my and then I'm
just going to go doclude."
It's going to search all damn day long
looking for this thing and it's not
going to be able to find it because we
haven't actually like specifically said
axelottle. And in fact, what's pretty
interesting is the only conversation it
found was where I specifically asked,
hey, can you find me an axelottle?
So, it's going to look and see whether
or not it can find it in other
directories. It's not going to be able
to, but hopefully you guys get my point.
Okay, minimizing the attack surface in a
really simple way. Just have all of your
API keys in av. So, that's number one.
Um, number two, low hanging fruit is
that AI models often hallucinate package
names. In case you guys didn't know,
package names are just like dependencies
that you have to pull in order for uh,
you know, the usage of any project
nowadays, you know, like libraries and
stuff like that. And so, you know,
there's like npm, which is typically
like the big package manager here. And
I'm just going to make this a little bit
more visible for you guys. That stands
for node package manager. But basically,
like if you just type npm install, okay,
uh, gez, I don't even know like what
what are some popular libraries?
Anthropic. Maybe I'll just do a npm
search anthropic. Okay. Uh, I don't
know. npm install at Composeio
Anthropic. Like basically what occurs
every time you launch a new project or
you have AI like design something for
you is you'll you'll go through this
like online resource this big package
manager and then it'll automatically
install like all of the packages it
thinks it needs and like that's usually
not that big of a problem right because
uh npm is like pretty well vetted but
you know it's a package manager and so
it manages hundreds of thousands
millions of different packages and every
now and then one of these packages gets
sort of compromised. Now the issue in
the way that this increases the attack
surface is that AI models often
hallucinate a package name. They won't
actually always get it right the first
time. Let's say uh you know you want a
specific dependency or a package called
acorn. Okay. Sometimes claude just
because the way that like the tokens uh
were were sort of baked into its various
encoding schemes and stuff like that
will actually invent a dependency with
like an extra letter acorn s like acorns
or acorn with an e or something. And a
lot of people that are sneaky and
terrible and super evil and malicious
have uh have sort of known about this
for a while because of like various
encoding issues and the statistical
probability of adding additional letters
and stuff. So what they've done is
they've actually created new packages,
okay, with small little misspellings of
the main package and they've made those
packages contain malware things that
literally say, "Hey, I want you to go
through their and then go through all of
their uh you know tilda.cloud
conversation logs and then send it over
to me." Maha. And so the idea there is,
you know, it'll obviously excfiltrate
anything that is important to you and
then it'll gain basically full control
over your account. It's a form of like,
I don't know, prompt injection almost.
But um uh you know, if you're making any
sort of live project or ones that tie to
API keys with any sort of unlimited
usage, you know, there are going to be
some out there where I don't know, you
just turn the unlimited extra usage
token uh thing on and then you'll have
access theoretically to like billing
tens of thousands of dollars for a
service. Be very careful with that. You
should just audit your dependency list
for any unfamiliar packages. You should
actually ask Claude like hey are there
any unfamiliar packages here that you
don't actually actively use all the time
or you know hey before you instantiate
this the first time I want you to take a
look at all at the npm run and ensure
that the only packages here are like
legitimate packages that have verified
histories and are not like inserting
malware I'm kind of concerned and I'll
give you guys like a whole security
audit you could use for stuff like that
in a moment but the point that I'm
making is like this is another attack
vector okay a lot of people don't
realize this but um in addition to
leaking API keys and getting it all over
the place am models also hallucinate
package names the third main thing has
to do with databases And uh this is
going to apply mostly to people that are
creating full stack apps or apps that
you know need to call some sort of
external data store. A lot of the time
nowadays to be honest I just store
everything as JSON files directly on my
computer. It's a lot easier and simpler
for me because I'm not really developing
full stack endtoend apps as much these
days. I'm the most part just designing
flows for myself or internal tools for
my team. But anyway, assuming that you
know you want to go a little bit further
than that actually develop full stack
software apps. Essentially the simplest
and easiest way to ensure that like 90%
of all noted uh database breaches do not
occur on your app is you just use this
one little button called rowle security.
It's very straightforward and basically
nobody does it which sucks. So superbase
which most of you are probably going to
be using for any sort of vibecoded app
function does not enable RLS by default.
they'll probably do so at some point,
but for now, what that means is if
somebody signs up to your app, um you
know, typically they're given a key by
which they can access their own database
table. Uh well, if they have a public
key on a database that does not have RLS
enabled, they can read, write, and
delete every other row in your database.
And so, you have a lot of cases where,
you know, there's some simple uh I don't
know, there was a database for like molt
book, which was like supposedly Facebook
for a agents. That was just a few months
ago. And you know, everybody was like,
"My god, this is the revolutionary
whatever." And then like the most
elementary security audits done by some
cyber security fellow showed that like
they did not have database or RLS um a
real row security enabled on their
database. So he just went in and then he
like read literally every single AI
agent that had ever been created on the
platform in like 2 seconds. Then because
he also had write access he created like
100,000 fake AI agent profiles in like 2
seconds. Funny enough meta Facebook
actually ended up buying them and uh
hopefully they understood that a big
chunk of those profiles were fake but
who knows maybe they didn't. The point
that I'm trying to make is like very
very low hanging fruit. Takes like two
seconds to do. And uh once you're done
with that, you can you can kind of move
on. Okay. Be wary anytime you're
publicizing a system like OpenClaw or
like your little OpenClaw uh package to
the web. So let's say you have some open
URL. Let's say this is my open claw.
Okay. And it's nickappyfuntime.com. I'm
kind of curious if I click on this. Is
there anybody at nickappy funtime.com?
Okay. Thank god there's nobody at
nickappy funtime.com because I probably
have to sanitize my eyes after that.
Anyway, uh, imagine you have your
Claudebot or Moltbot or whatever the
heck it's called now on
nick-happy-fund.com.
Well, odds are if you have a URL and
it's like a short straightforward URL
and it's on an IP range that is like
owned by, I don't know, some virtual
private server hosting provider, you are
going to be queried constantly by people
that are looking for vulnerabilities.
They will be scanning, okay, all over
the place for every single port that's
currently open in your computer. There
are huge baud farms, for instance, in
China, in the Philippines, in some
Indonesian countries, and obviously the
West as well. I'm not just trying to
point a finger over there, but you know,
that's predominantly where a lot of
these attacks come from. And there are
huge bot farms that people have set up a
long time ago that literally their whole
job is they just send tens of thousands
of requests per second to like every URL
constantly scanning to see like, hey,
have they patched this one thing? Hey,
do they have this security
vulnerability? Hey, do they do this? And
the second even one of those things is
good like you know allows them access
now they have full access to your
freaking machine and box basically and
then they can do whatever the heck they
want with it. So, I want you to know
like if you set up some sort of like
public facing server using some sort of
VPS based approach on uh you know like
Hostinger or whatever the heck like one
of these like major hosting providers
know that it is constantly going to be
tested and if you are like wild you're
raw dogging this you're wild westing
this you don't like understand some
pretty foundational things about like
firewalls and um you know RLS and and so
on and so forth like people will find
vulnerabilities your stuff will be
hacked and so the idea is just make sure
So, whatever you are putting in there is
not like super extraordinarily
sensitive. You know, don't give your
open claw agent your social insurance
number or like a picture of your
passport or whatever. That to me is like
way too accelerationist. And I'm not
being the old grubby person yelling at
clouds in the sky being like, "Back in
my day, we used to punch card stuff."
I'm just trying to be reasonable here,
right? Just no need to do stuff like
that. for the most part, you know, if
you have like a local Claude instance
that's running that's authenticated
through Telegram and then you're using
like I don't know the the the Claude
channels feature or whatever,
probability that a hack will occur there
is much much lower because you're just
running it locally and you're not
actually connecting through like an open
thing. You're connecting through a
vetted uh uh you know Telegram kind of
connector or plugin. But if you're just
like OpenClaw raw dog, yeah, be be very
careful with that stuff. By the way,
this isn't just me ragging on OpenClaw
for the 4,000th time. I'm trying to be
reasonable about this. I think
decentralized autonomous agents are
obviously the future at some point, but
you know, most of what we've seen so far
has literally just pissed away people's
API keys and credit card information.
Speaking of credit card information,
never touch a credit card number. So, if
you guys are designing systems that
interface with any sort of credit card
whatsoever, don't actually like store
that data. Don't actually read that
data. If that data gets read at any
point by like an AI agent, hell, even
your AI agent, guess what's going to
happen? Well, same thing. You know,
you're going to leak those API keys.
You're going to stick them in your
conversation history. And then any sort
of hacker or you at any uh future point
in time if you misconfigure stuff, push
stuff to GitHub or I don't know like uh
trade in your computer or whatever,
you'll now have like a big log of all of
that information just in plain text
which is easily vettable. You know, a
lot of people will just like reax over
your entire computer looking for things
like, you know, credit cards if they get
access. And then what's a credit card?
Well, usually it's like was it 16 or 20
characters or something? I have to check
my credit card now, but it's like very
very stereotypical, right? you find 16
or 20 characters all connected together
uh maybe like with a space in between.
Boom, you got yourself a freaking credit
card. Or maybe you don't even. They just
look for that length. Then they check to
see whether or not it's like a Visa
pattern. If it is, you're screwed. So
anyway, I guess what I'm trying to say
is like don't put that liability on
yourself by storing other people's
credit cards if you're running like some
sort of business thing. And then don't
um put that liability on your own card
by storing your own card um here. You
know, use services like Stripe. They do
everything for you. They are super
compliant, PCI compliant, and all this
stuff. the teams that just like focus on
making sure that stuff that is stored on
their servers uh never gets screwed up
and then you never actually have to deal
with like the compliance regulatory
aspect of touching credit.
All right. Now, once you're done sort of
understanding this, which should be now
because hopefully nothing here is super
complicated, although some of these
concepts are advanced, I understand. Um
all you need to do is just run anything
public facing through some form of
security audit for like maybe the other
8020. And so this is a security
breakdown that I created for um a vibe
coding course where I was showing people
how to make full stack apps. Uh pretty
cool using Gemini in case you guys are
interested. I guess this is Gemini ink
code. Uh you can find that on my channel
if you want. Just type like nix drive
vibe coding or something. And uh
essentially down here at the bottom what
I have is I have a big security audit
prompt where you can actually just feed
this into claude and then have it like
point out all of the security issues
with whatever your your your flow is.
And so what I'm going to do is I'm going
to go back here to anti-gravity. And I
mean I sort of I don't really have like
anything that's public facing here, but
I'm still going to run it through auto
research. Then I'm going to just create
a new one. And I'll say apply this to
our auto research
flow. Um the one optimizing left click.
Once done the security audit, return me
everything we need to fix. I know
nothing is web accessible ATM. Okay. And
so what this does is it's just some it's
just a big prompt that I uh developed in
conjunction with a bunch of AI agents. I
had to like read a bunch of security
blogs and so on and so forth to like
look for the the biggest lowhanging
fruit and the simplest minor
configuration changes I could make. And
uh you know what it's going to do is
just go top to bottom and then apply
this. The reason why I'm uh spinning up
a totally new conversation history is
because I do not want any sort of
conversation context to bias what's
going on here. I don't want the same
agent I used to develop my tool to
actually also run the audit because odds
are it's going to be biased and it's
going to do some specific it's going to
make specific errors cuz it's going to
think that it's better. Do you see here
how it's searching for sk live sk test
sk--bear and so on and so forth? These
are all API token headers. Basically,
these are like the titles of API tokens.
What it just did there other people are
going to do at any point in time if they
gain access to your system. Same thing
here with like model weights and same
thing here with like bash scripts and
stuff like that. Okay.
Anyh who, so we're just going to read
this top to bottom. Um, architecture
summary gives me some brief details
about what's going on. It's not a web
app. It's a local single GPU ML training
pipeline. That's easy. No hard-coded
secrets, but the git ignore does not
include the env.env local and so on and
so forth. Okay. All the stuff that
actually applies here is going to be
filled in. So in this case, this is an
actual failure, but in this case, it's
not not applicable because it's not an
actual web app. Then you can see that
there's also some sections where it
fails. So, finding number one, supply
chain low popularity package, right?
Supply chain issue. Um, let's see over
here. It's failed on some machine
learning specific risks. And that's sort
of putting that out. It's funny that
it's using the term vibing. I like that.
Anyway, so I'm not really going to go
through everything with you, but
basically what you do is you you you
finish this and then you just say,
"Okay, great. Fix according to your
suggestions."
Okay. And then once it's uh you know,
once it's done and whatever, I'm just
going to pretend it's it's done now even
though it obviously isn't. This might
take you like three or four minutes if
you're running on something that isn't
like uh you know fast mode like I
typically run stuff on. What you do is
you just go through and then uh you
actually implement it. And just like I
showed you a moment ago to use something
that is not biased with the conversation
history, you spin up another agent to
take the recommendations and then
actually go through and do it because
you also don't want that implement agent
to be biased by the security audit kind
of overly constrained nature of it. So
in that case you can use a sub agent or
some other model itself like Codex,
Gemini or whatever. And then you know
ultimately you can have it reviewed by
claude because I think claude is the
best model. But in this way you're
basically like diversifying similarly
how we were diversifying by putting
seven out of 10 of our eggs in the cloud
basket but three out of the 10 you know
spread across other models. You're
diversifying against any sort of
inherent risk or bias that claude has uh
to work that is generated by other
clouds versus you know codeex or gemini
or whatnot. So the best solution would
actually involve multiple runs through
all of them. Okay hopefully that makes
sense. I mean I didn't want this to be a
big deal. Obviously, security as
mentioned is only as big of a deal as
you are willing to make it because of
pre-existing assets and what you have to
risk and stuff like that. So, if you
just understood what I talked to you
about right here and then if you get,
you know, a security prompt like what I
showed you here, um you you should be
good. Just pass something like that
through an AI agent after you're done a
project and it'll like cover most of the
lowhanging fruit. And by the way, if you
want that security audit, then
definitely check out that um vibe coding
full course. Really easy. Just type nix
drive vibe coding. I actually give you
guys all that information for free
there. You can also watch it if you want
to learn how to develop things with
other models.
Congratulations, you made it to
essentially the end of theformational
Claude technical content of the course.
And now I just wanted to reserve maybe
10 or 15 minutes to chat a little bit
about what I consider to be the future
of Claude. Uh not just the future of
Claude code, but the future of Claude
the model as well as the future of just
agentic engineering in general. And the
reason why I talk about this is because
it's a topic that's very close to my
heart. I've been considering this for
probably the last 10 or so years. as a
kid that grew up on science fiction, you
know, um, Foundation from Azimoff, tons
of Arthur C. Clark books and Heinland
and so on and so forth. I I've thought a
lot about like what the far future would
look like in an environment that is
controlled by agents like Claude Code.
And I've also thought about some of the
intervening steps we need to get there.
And now that it's sort of being thrust
in my face, I think there's a lot that
you could realistically learn from even
just like fictional representations of
this that uh most people who probably
haven't just stuck their head so far in
the science fiction bubble. um I think
uh you know I think would find value in
hearing. In addition, I obviously have a
lot of exposure to both mid-market and
then enterprise here. Not to mention all
the small businesses that I work with um
through left click and I think that
gives me sort of an edge here to at
least give you guys some sort of
plausible future that has more of a 10%
chance of probably being true. I mean
like things are changing so quickly I
obviously can't be 100% sure what is
going to occur, but these are some
things that I consider to be like pretty
lowrisk bets that if you make you'll
probably have some form of alpha. Okay,
so the first main one is this trend of
decreasing human involvement. Do you
guys remember earlier when I showed you
guys that diagram where it was like vibe
coding to agentic engineering to
basically like researchbased direction
with auto research and frameworks like
that coming up? Well, this is still
something like we are creating right.
It's sort of like open- sourced not
necessarily open sourced but um it's
something that like you know the
community is sort of working on. But all
of these approaches are soon to be quite
formalized and it is very likely in my
opinion that we are going to continue
decreasing human involvement in tasks.
This auto research thing is a great
example of ways to you know democratize
sort of like little improvements. I've
kept this auto researcher running by the
way um if you guys have remembered from
like a couple of modules ago and we're
now actually at like almost 8,000
millisecond load time from a baseline of
1802. Imagine if you had this running
3,000 days in a row or whatever, or if
you had this um running at like
inference capacities 100x this, right?
Which we are obviously getting to. He
goes, remember how slow GPT3 was back in
the day? If anybody here is an old head
that used that, well, GPT 5.4 fast or
instant or whatever is way faster. And
imagine if you had a model that's 100
times that that fast with the same level
of intelligence. You can make some major
updates to basically anything. And so
the idea is, you know, we're probably
not going to increase the level of human
involvement in like direct coding and
stuff like that, which is fine. I'm not
making like a value judgment or a
normative judgment here. Um, but I
imagine you as a developer or business
person or whatever, will actually
probably grow less involved in the
day-to-day work of either your company,
your research lab, your your your your
app, whatever the heck. And so my take
is in the future we're going to move
towards this sort of thing that a lot of
frameworks have tried to formalize which
is that we're each going to be the CEO
of sort of like our own company. Whether
it's an actual company in practice or
whether it's you know some sort of
organization that's like a company all
of us will basically be just like the
the chief executive officer running
teams or fleets of agents that are
constantly doing things on our behalf
and that have some sort of formalized
framework that also like helps them
optimize and make better. And so sort of
the the way that this works I imagine is
we would go from you know like the old
school Wright brothers flying the plane
ourselves to sort of like modern
aircraft engineers where there's
somebody in the cockpit but for the most
part you know an autopilot is taking
over the vast majority of the work even
in you know like takeoffs and landings
now they're obviously like so much so
many SOPs and so much of like a process
and framework that you know you can
imagine how a system that was much less
developed than ours much less capable of
deep thinking and stuff could actually
probably just execute it entirely. at
this point. That said, you know, will we
ever get rid of a human in the loop to
some capacity? There are just so many
regulatory blocks and I think like
ethical issues with that that we will
probably always just have some person
like manning a ship. It's just the
number of ships that a person will man
the number of of discrete agents will
just continue increasing until you know
rather than have a 100 people do a task
uh in some specific company like we used
to have, we might have one person do 100
tasks. Leverage will go up. Now, a good
example of this is Claude's recent um
auto mode. I don't know if you guys have
seen I said auto mode, but I don't know
if you guys have seen their recent
development where basically you now have
the ability to run some sort of
autonomous mode instead of choosing you
know switch permissions or sorry uh
execute uh um uh bypass permissions down
here or ask before edits or edit
automatically and and so on and so
forth. Well, now we basically have an
additional one, auto mode, which um I
just can't see here right now because
I'm using a slightly older version of
cloud code. I don't have that yet. But
basically, you know, instead of you
actually having to like go through this
whole process of changing the security,
um changing the access that it has, you
know, cloud just does that for you. So,
like that's a pretty good example of
something that used to require a person
and now it's just like, well, cloud's
going to get it 99.9% of the time. Screw
it. I I'll give it to them. Okay, so
that's a very small microcosm, but like
imagine the rest of the loop like the
planning loop right now. Typically, you
have cloud develop a plan for you and
you implement on that plan. That whole
thing is just like being internalized.
Like we're not actually doing most of
the plan development now. We will not
continue to do most of the plan
development in the future.
Realistically, cloud's going to do both
the planning and the implementation.
Then the Q&A, it's like right now we're
sort of in the loop. We're sort of like
clicking in the buttons running it.
Well, they're developing automated
testing procedures where cloud actually
also does the Q&A for and then delivers
you the whole thing. And so some people
hate this because they're like, well,
they're taking my jobs and whatnot. And
I think there's I think there's a fair
point to that. you know, human beings uh
leverage will continue to increase, but
it depends on like how much work is
there really to do? How many software
products are there really to develop? Do
we actually are we even going to have
like the demand for that sort of thing,
but I think that's like a reasonable
conversation to have. Uh and you know,
unfortunately, I don't know the answer.
My my take is like eventually we're
probably going to have to move to some
sort of different economic system
because most of the world would be
unemployed otherwise. But that's me
getting all political. Um that's number
one. Okay. So, the trend of decreasing
human involvement is very likely to
continue with cloud code. They're now at
the point where they're developing this
so rapidly that like AI is helping AI
design products and uh you know
automotive is just the beginning of I
think a massive suite of rollouts that
will significantly improve your
experience but you know make you more
hands-off.
My second one is more of like an
economic uh consideration which is that
software products and tools okay the the
quality of the things that you build
will no longer be the mo. So in the in
the past in the good old days now back
when I was on the comeup how good your
software was think like Windows think
like you know like Mac OS how good that
operating system was might have been the
only thing that distinguished that
operating system from another operating
system and if it was really really good
then obviously it would be much more
popular and then it would get you know a
bunch of like inherent interest and
stuff like that because the capabilities
and you'd obviously use it so the issue
with that nowadays is you can make
Netflix in 5
Netflix before was this innovative
streaming model that you know was like
uh wow you know you can just load the
thing and then the the the the video
loads on you for for you on demand and
it's incredible and like the streaming
and latency and uptime and all that
stuff it's like super prop proprietary
technology well now it's like I can code
Netflix in 5 minutes with like you know
three or four agents on fast mode so
it's like what is the value of Netflix
what is the moat that differentiates
Netflix as sort of like this like old
school medieval castle from all of the
attackers that you know could actually
take it down well the moat now and uh
this has been something for at least a
couple of years. The mode now is no
longer the software. It is the
distribution. So in a world where
everybody has basically like a I don't
know a nuclear weapon is the
differentiator like everybody has a
nuclear weapon. No, the differentiator
moves to other things like I don't know
the political framework like the
wellness of the populace and stuff like
that. What I'm trying to say is like
that that skill that software
engineering ability is no longer going
to be the moat and instead um the moat
is going to move to you know the
connections that a company has to its
consumers the reputation that the
company has in the market the
distribution that it has with a bunch of
vendors that you know are hard one
relationships and connections that they
realistically built over the course of
many years. You know Netflix now has a
bunch of patents and rights and licenses
and stuff like that to air specific
shows. It's seen this coming and and so
has tried to diversify accordingly. But
you're going to see that in basically
every software platform. The moat will
like probably move more to the
distribution and the legal and
compliance aspects than necessarily like
how good the software is. Which means
you're going to have like these cracked
probably like 14 15year-old kids
designing like the most incredible
amazing software ever. And then that
software will be able to reproduce
anything that like a major business
would do in like a hundth of the time.
but you know because they don't have
like the compliance or whatever
certifications or whatever you know
it'll probably be more difficult for
them to actually go to market with
something like that despite it being
like objectively superior
and uh you know the way that I see it is
we already have AI models that are at
the limit of human reasoning capability
they can run hundreds of times faster
than our brains soon to be thousands of
times faster than our brains on basic
tasks so even if they're not like better
than us at the software design
individually if you run a thousand you
know 90 IQ models comparatively like one
100 IQ human those will eventually
figure out the things that the 100 IQ
human would do. And not only will you
develop more software like quality,
you'll also develop more software
quantity. And so software as just a
market thing, supply and demand, like
economically, the supply will be so damn
high that the demand for any sort of
like purchasable software gets a lot
lower, which means I personally don't
think like a SAS product is really the
play here. I don't think there's going
to be any sort of life cycle for like
subscription based products. I think
you'll have a short window of time where
you could actually just monetize like a
one-time buy product and then most
people will just say, "Well, should I
spend $199 on the product or should I
just spend $19 plus 30 minutes of my
time on tokens and they just design it
for myself." And I think that's going to
change the way that we do, you know,
like software more generally. So, I'm
not very bullish on like, you know,
developing software as a service, apps
and stuff like that. I have a lot of
people be like, "Nick, you know, all
this stuff, you know how to design all
the software. Like, why aren't you
making a software app and why why aren't
you monetizing your community, let's
say, through software?" And I'm like,
I'd only really be able to do that for a
short period of time. And then even if I
were to, like, where's the value in
that? If anybody could just make it, I'm
just sending them like 20 minutes and a
couple bucks in tokens, right? It's not
that big of a deal. So, I mean, I would
I would move accordingly, I guess. Okay.
The third thing that I'm like 99.9% sure
of is that the pace of change is not
slowing down anytime soon. It will
continue to accelerate. Just as
technology has helped us increase the
pace of change through our history with
things like the printing press uh with
developments and you know communication
with like the telegraph and so on and so
forth. You know these things don't just
improve the quality of life of the
average person they improve the research
and development arm of technologists who
work on that exact thing. And so because
of that you know the pace of change is
is basically just going up. If I had to
um graph sort of where we are now, and I
will because I freaking love graphs,
right? Just the best.
And if I were to graph the intelligence,
which is a very loose term here and
obviously means different things to
different people, but the intelligence
of a model over time, you know,
basically I'd go like this. Okay? And so
this back here was sort of like linear
growth from like maybe like the 1970s
and stuff with like Minsky uh you know
1970s and ' 80s and stuff. Minsky and
like the the first few neural nets and
stuff like that. Then this right over
here is probably like I don't know 2010
when models started actually doing stuff
right then this over here is like 2020.
You know, this over here is like 20 25
and then this over here is 2026. Do you
see how how like high this is going? How
quickly? And then um a point that I want
to make is basically like this right
here is the intelligence of maybe like a
like a chimpanzee.
Okay. Um this right here is the
intelligence of like an average human.
And then this right here is maybe the
intelligence of like Einstein.
And um what we what we have now is you
know we're like right over here man
these models I say smart as a
chimpanzeee not to dimin or whatever
chimpanzees but um you know their brains
are extraordinarily advanced and
developed. They have like these
cerebelli these these sections of their
brains that are responsible for
calculating like millions of of
movements and and so on and so forth
every minute. Like it's a very
complicated thing to like replicate the
intelligence the distributed
intelligence of an organism. And you
don't capture that all just by like hey
can it write? Hey, you can, you know,
reason and do math. Have you ever seen
like a chimpanzeee's like memory? Have
you seen its like ability to like uh,
you know, move around on a page and like
figure out symbolism and then symbols,
sorry, and then like count numbers up
and their motor neurons? Anyway, the
point I'm making is not this is a course
on chimpanzees, so I'll stop talking.
God, that's my nerdy side showing. But
um, that the gap between the
intelligence of a chimpanzeee, if you
just count up all the neurons in its
brain, the intelligence of a human if
you count up all the neurons in it
brain, the intelligence of Einstein,
they're actually very close together.
They're very clustered. And I'd say like
we're basically right over here right
now. So guess what's going to happen in
like you know the next few years. This
is going to go like up here and we are
going to it's going to be like wow these
things are so dumb. They're dumb. Oh
wow. They can do things that a
chimpanzeee can do. And then like 6
months it's like oh okay these things
are now like you know freaking galaxy
brain intelligences that you know can do
everything and anything for us. And um
imagine what happens when you know all
of this is just humans working on stuff
and then eventually it gets to the point
where it can actually like use human
level intelligence which is right now to
like improve its rate of growth. This
thing is just vertical. I mean this
thing would go so vertical it would go
through my roof in 2 seconds. So that's
my take on it personally. I think um you
know I think we're getting really really
close to super fast paces of change. And
if you guys have like been monitoring
the the cloud even claude code X page
recently or like seeing YouTube there's
there's new updates coming out every
day. This would have been unfathomable
just like three or four years ago to
make this level of development and this
level of like small additions to a
software product while also making sure
they're testable and reliable just
because intelligence is making
intelligence more intelligent now. And
then the last thing I'm going to say is
that uh the people that will control not
necessarily control but have the most
like power and ability over the course
of the next years are people that learn
to use this technology. Yeah, you're
part of a very like privileged minority.
And I don't say that in like the
political sense of the term because I
think that's all muddled up, but like
you're part of a minority of people
right now that like actually use this
technology. Do you know how few people
even understand what an agent harness
is? We're talking like sub like 1% of
the population of Earth. The percentage
of people that know how to use an agent
harness like you are doing right now is
even less. It's a fraction, vanishingly
small percentage. I don't know if
everybody that watches this uh is old
enough to remember, but there were like
some protests back in the day on Wall
Street. And uh the the point is that
they were like we are the 99% or
whatever. And they were protesting the
massive wealth divide in specific parts
of America between like you know really
really wealthy people that work on Wall
Street and then like the populace the
rest of the people that like I don't
know manage the service industry and
hospitality and basically do everything
else. And they're like why do you guys
get to have like thousands of times more
money than us? Um you are the 1% right
now. you are that group of people that
I'm sure in the future other people will
be raising their hands about and you
know shaking their fists at because uh
you have an enormous capability to use
models like this for just cents on the
dollar to do incredibly amazing
economically valuable things that would
take that other group of 99% like like
months to do what you could
realistically do in a day. It's insane.
Um, you know, I think you talk all day
about like the wealth divide, but you
can also talk about like the
productivity divide and uh the wealth
improves the likelihood that you will be
in that product the positive uh chunk of
the productivity divide. You right now
even if you don't have a lot of money
have access to insane technology and
leverage simply because you're in it. So
that's going to increase. Now Willing
Gibson, one of my favorite authors, said
it best. The future is here. It's just
unevenly distributed. Meaning that like
we have access to insane technology.
It's just like not all of us do it at
the same rate. There's small pockets of
people like yourself that understand how
to use these tools far better than
others. And in doing so, you have the
ability to reap asymmetric rewards over
a small chunk of time. And my take is as
the economy shifts to accommodate
smarter than human intelligences, the
people that understand things like agent
harnesses and coding harnesses, the
people that understand how to use the
best models in the world like Claude,
uh, you know, Opus or or Mythos or
whatever the heck we're at now, people
that know how to turn these into
economically valuable things are the
ultimate people that are going to win
this share of the future. Um, whatever
small percentage it is. Because given
the massive unbounded upside here, like
we're talking, you know, solar panels
orbiting the freaking sun in a few year,
like we're we have solar panels, but the
point that I'm making is the massive
potential upside of if everything goes
right with this technology, if things
don't go super wrong. If you own even
0.1%
of that potential future because of some
decisions that you made today to, you
know, upskill and start this
productivity kickoff. um you know like
the the the abundance of your own
personal life would would be huge. Okay,
so I guess that's it. We made it to the
end of the course and that's really all
I had to say on that. Hopefully you guys
appreciated learning everything that I
had to give on claude code and you guys
have learned some advanced concepts here
whether it's about you know initial um
system prompts and and and cloudmds or
it's some of the more obscure things and
esoteric things like security or the
future like I just talked about. Um, if
you guys like this sort of thing, you'd
be doing me a big solid to subscribe to
the channel. For whatever reason,
something like 70% of my regular viewers
are not subscribed. I think it's just
how YouTube works. Most people don't
sub, but uh, you could you could sub,
that would really help me out. I want to
get this sort of message out to more
people and obviously help them be in
that small little chunk. Uh, if you do
me a solid, leave a comment down below
with a video idea or something that you
want me to cover. I actually get most of
my ideas directly from my audience now,
so I'd really appreciate that. If
there's anything that I didn't cover
here or maybe didn't touch on that you
would like me to touch on or maybe
anything that I personally made a
mistake on, I' I'd love to hear it
because I'm trying to improve my ability
to use these tools. Finally, I also help
other companies implement this sort of
thing in their own businesses, whether
you are a small to mid-size business,
mid-market, or enterprise. Um, so if you
want to chat with my team, just uh check
down below uh somewhere at the top of
the description, there'll be a link.
Thank you for making it all the way to
the end of the video. I'll see you all
soon. by